
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.013177                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13176833874                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               578475265701                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 392851                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   496528                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 298625                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67749764                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 44125.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17334588374                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21909339690                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       254848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       255360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       258816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       448000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       260736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       137216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       257024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       176000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       516480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       516352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       175744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       446848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       175872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       517376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       176000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       445568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5091328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           73088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1386240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1386240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         2037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         4035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         4034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         4042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 39776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           10830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                10830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       291421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19340610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       291421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     19379466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       378847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     19641744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       349705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     33999063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       349705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     19787454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       349705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     10413427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       359419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     19505748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       417703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13356775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       310849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39196062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       330277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39186348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       388561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13337347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       330277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     33911636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       398275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13347061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       320563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39264060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       369133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13356775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       310849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33814496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               386384776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       291421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       291421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       378847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       349705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       349705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       349705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       359419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       417703                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       310849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       330277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       388561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       330277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       398275                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       320563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       369133                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       310849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5546704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         105202814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              105202814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         105202814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       291421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19340610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       291421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     19379466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       378847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     19641744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       349705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     33999063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       349705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     19787454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       349705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     10413427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       359419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     19505748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       417703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13356775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       310849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39196062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       330277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39186348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       388561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13337347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       330277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     33911636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       398275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13347061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       320563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39264060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       369133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13356775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       310849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33814496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              491587589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2182887                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1952895                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175134                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459376                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128456                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5297                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23123085                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12408474                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2182887                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1563001                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2767713                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        576150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       918054                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1400203                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171614                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     27208932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510101                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       24441219     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         426463      1.57%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210380      0.77%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420718      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130957      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         390197      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60271      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96329      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032398      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     27208932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.069081                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.392684                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22921273                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1125481                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2762031                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2297                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       397846                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       202853                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2204                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13854782                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       397846                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22944954                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        714095                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       337436                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2738248                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        76349                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13833691                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10745                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        57276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18105411                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62655211                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62655211                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3458963                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1828                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          929                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          179813                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518215                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398634                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3374                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        90720                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13761425                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1834                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12873592                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8651                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2508879                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5154356                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27208932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21565886     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1753262      6.44%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1916211      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1100443      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561136      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140353      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164481      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3896      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3264      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27208932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21164     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8705     23.50%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7171     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10081178     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99410      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297048     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395055      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12873592                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.407403                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37040                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53001806                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16272181                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12545011                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12910632                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10376                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515257                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10327                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       397846                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        631116                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9008                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13763275                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1775                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518215                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398634                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          927                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4516                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          233                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117395                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67916                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       185311                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12711457                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264960                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162134                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2659975                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934291                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           395015                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.402272                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12548011                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12545011                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7598762                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16454203                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.397005                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2527344                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       173862                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26811086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22637449     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632453      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055930      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330932      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555614      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105580      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67517      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61008      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364603      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26811086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002955                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812683                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364603                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           40210235                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27925767                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                518964                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               4390191                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.159912                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.159912                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.316465                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.316465                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59119202                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16324048                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14749531                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2179125                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1949379                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175026                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1457301                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1431251                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         127680                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5223                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23077778                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12386025                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2179125                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1558931                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2762360                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        576016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       928778                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1397555                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171482                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     27168971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       24406611     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         424629      1.56%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         211082      0.78%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         419598      1.54%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         130956      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         388308      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          60173      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          96637      0.36%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1030977      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     27168971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068962                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.391974                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       22876766                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1135410                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2756710                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       397815                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       202829                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         2210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13831362                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         5119                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       397815                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       22900660                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        726801                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       334875                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2732751                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        76065                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13809905                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        10353                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        57413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     18075503                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     62543356                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     62543356                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     14614818                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3460671                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1834                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          936                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          179014                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2510993                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       398444                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3344                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        90810                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13735988                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1840                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12849919                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9387                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2509266                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5150134                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27168971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21535544     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1753480      6.45%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1910137      7.03%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1097209      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560764      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139994      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164641      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3950      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3252      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27168971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21299     57.31%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8694     23.39%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7170     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10063168     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99325      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2291905     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394621      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12849919                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.406654                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37163                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002892                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52915359                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16247136                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12519550                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12887082                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9487                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       514354                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           20                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10489                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       397815                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        643715                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9142                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13737843                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1781                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2510993                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398444                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          934                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4677                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          245                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117824                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67615                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       185439                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12687086                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2259169                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162833                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2653750                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1929545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           394581                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.401501                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12522353                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12519550                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7580806                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        16417240                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.396199                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.461759                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9975583                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11210949                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2527425                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1814                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       173749                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26771156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.418770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22604889     84.44%     84.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1630922      6.09%     90.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1053518      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       329985      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       554387      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       106013      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67430      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61253      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       362759      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26771156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9975583                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11210949                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2384592                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1996637                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               905                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1721881                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         9791000                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       138062                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       362759                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           40146732                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          27874912                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                517240                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               4430152                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9975583                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11210949                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9975583                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.167647                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.167647                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.315692                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.315692                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       58997638                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16291525                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      14719990                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2332368                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1912264                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230884                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       959167                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         908611                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239069                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10297                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22301569                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             13263927                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2332368                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1147680                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2915171                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        655337                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2091973                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1375924                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       229739                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     27728967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       24813796     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         315939      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         364278      1.31%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         200439      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         230220      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         127574      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          88092      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         225437      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1363192      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     27728967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073811                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.419756                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       22118178                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2279074                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2890674                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        23135                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       417902                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       378797                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     16187784                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        12005                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       417902                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       22153846                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        633486                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1546660                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2878745                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        98324                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     16177452                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        23455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        46558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     22488095                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     75318396                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     75318396                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     19184824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3303248                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         4147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2274                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          268907                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1544092                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       840299                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22010                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       186163                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         16147443                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4150                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        15258911                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21228                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2018931                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4675697                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          381                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27728967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550288                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21300507     76.82%     76.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2584324      9.32%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1389922      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       963584      3.48%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       839566      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       428759      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104581      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67346      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50378      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27728967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3848     11.83%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13885     42.69%     54.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14794     45.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12773032     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238467      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1868      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1411242      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       834302      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     15258911                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.482890                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32527                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002132                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58300541                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18170690                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15002613                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     15291438                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38013                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273220                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          169                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18352                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          934                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          632                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       417902                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        585851                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15439                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16151619                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1544092                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840299                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2268                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11065                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          169                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133569                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129555                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       263124                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15031174                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1324701                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       227734                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2158758                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2103908                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           834057                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.475683                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             15002909                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            15002613                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8915335                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        23347983                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.474779                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11265029                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13821097                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2330721                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3769                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       232000                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27311065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21664366     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2617932      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1098441      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       658825      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456568      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       295633      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153057      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       122915      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243328      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27311065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11265029                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13821097                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2092810                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1270865                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1881                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1978361                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        12459966                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       281192                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       243328                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           43219477                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          32721580                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                343338                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3870156                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11265029                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13821097                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11265029                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.805064                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.805064                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.356498                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.356498                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       67800143                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      20827523                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15108882                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3764                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2220635                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1815836                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       219269                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       941830                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         876562                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227818                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9722                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21567213                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12590539                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2220635                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1104380                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2639256                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        634888                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1086759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1327774                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       220544                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     25704003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       23064747     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         143119      0.56%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         226850      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         358291      1.39%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         149821      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         168954      0.66%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         176044      0.68%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         115919      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1300258      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     25704003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.070275                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.398446                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       21364711                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1291250                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2630849                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         6712                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       410479                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       364065                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15373284                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1633                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       410479                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       21396613                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        302695                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       893267                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2606152                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        94795                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15361474                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents         3381                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        26307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        34495                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7317                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     21321288                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     71453887                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     71453887                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     18193916                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3127357                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3968                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          280178                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1467771                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       788512                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       178629                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15337540                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3979                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14520043                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18922                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1939465                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4312462                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          432                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25704003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19575626     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2462630      9.58%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1345844      5.24%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       916613      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       855601      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       246851      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191096      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65285      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44457      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25704003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3336     12.61%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10075     38.08%     50.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13046     49.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12162607     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       229014      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1758      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1343715      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       782949      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14520043                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.459508                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26457                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001822                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54789468                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17281193                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14285029                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14546500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        44573                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266924                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          214                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25261                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          927                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       410479                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        197983                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13243                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15341549                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4979                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1467771                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       788512                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2208                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9679                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          214                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       127469                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       125264                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       252733                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14312808                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1264506                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       207235                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  30                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2047039                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2015099                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           782533                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.452950                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14285253                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14285029                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8353078                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        21813527                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.452070                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382931                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10686739                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     13099313                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2242353                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3547                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       223715                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25293524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19973191     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2577752     10.19%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003697      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       539761      2.13%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404587      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       225492      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       139554      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124168      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305322      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25293524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10686739                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     13099313                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1964098                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1200847                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1770                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1880279                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11803507                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       266092                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       305322                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           40329790                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          31093854                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                351226                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               5895120                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10686739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            13099313                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10686739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.956854                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.956854                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.338197                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.338197                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       64545057                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      19801370                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      14341207                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3542                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2335991                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1915958                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       231942                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       952478                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         909260                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239201                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10275                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22339208                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             13284424                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2335991                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1148461                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2921474                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        659197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2103833                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1378888                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230621                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     27787783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       24866309     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         316911      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         366548      1.32%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         200906      0.72%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         230037      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         127228      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          87341      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         225665      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1366838      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     27787783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073926                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.420405                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       22156793                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2289973                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2896857                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        23218                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       420938                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       378645                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     16218626                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        12005                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       420938                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       22192490                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        574785                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1616682                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2885292                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        97592                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     16208464                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        23018                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        46268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     22532924                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     75466910                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     75466910                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     19205383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3327536                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         4231                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2354                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          267319                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1549472                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       841267                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21946                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       186928                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         16179705                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4240                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        15281871                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21136                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2038373                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4724056                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          468                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27787783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21350586     76.83%     76.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2586863      9.31%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1391347      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       966101      3.48%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       841310      3.03%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       429031      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104618      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67508      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50419      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27787783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3768     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14509     43.80%     55.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14846     44.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12793253     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238804      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1870      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1412679      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       835265      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     15281871                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.483617                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33123                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002167                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58405783                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18222484                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15024315                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     15314994                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37975                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277232                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           96                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          171                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18426                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          935                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          399                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       420938                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        522294                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15222                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16183972                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6301                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1549472                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       841267                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2356                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10866                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          171                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133957                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130411                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       264368                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15053059                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1326252                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       228811                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2161283                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2106355                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           835031                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.476376                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             15024577                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            15024315                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8930443                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        23395617                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.475466                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381714                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11277128                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13835914                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2348183                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3772                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       233098                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27366845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21713793     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2621670      9.58%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1099536      4.02%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       658649      2.41%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457551      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       295123      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153758      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123262      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243503      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27366845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11277128                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13835914                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2095081                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1272240                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1882                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1980471                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        12473332                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       281491                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       243503                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           43307361                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          32789154                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                344540                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3811340                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11277128                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13835914                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11277128                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.802054                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.802054                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.356881                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.356881                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       67896412                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      20859386                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15131345                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3768                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2737117                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2279183                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250165                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1047649                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1000357                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         293680                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11676                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23807129                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             15015230                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2737117                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1294037                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             3129226                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        695744                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      2203641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1479333                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239035                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     29588623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       26459397     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         191858      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         243620      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         385855      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         159895      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         206427      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         241378      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         109932      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1590261      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     29588623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086620                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.475179                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       23672066                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2357779                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         3114146                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1602                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       443025                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       416147                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     18346930                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       443025                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       23696773                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         77105                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      2212904                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         3091013                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        67793                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     18233221                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        47058                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     25473046                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     84786042                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     84786042                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     21305879                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        4167167                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         4437                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2323                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          241289                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1705067                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       892324                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10332                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       200888                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         17800440                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4453                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        17073806                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17254                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2163205                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4405896                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          191                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29588623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22353768     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3300632     11.16%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1348002      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       757014      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1024366      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314164      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310226      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167120      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13331      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29588623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118301     79.32%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15566     10.44%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15270     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14384628     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233302      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2113      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1564515      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       889248      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     17073806                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.540325                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149137                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008735                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     63902626                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19968207                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16630123                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     17222943                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12737                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       320095                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12198                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       443025                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         58708                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7504                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17804896                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1705067                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       892324                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2324                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6613                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147291                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       140622                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       287913                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16776959                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1539461                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       296847                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2428601                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2372439                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           889140                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.530931                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             16630239                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            16630123                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         9965067                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        26760892                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.526284                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372374                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12395029                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     15273809                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2531184                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       252120                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29145598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22681522     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3276175     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1187914      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       593361      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       542245      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228246      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225186      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107195      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303754      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29145598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     12395029                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     15273809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2265098                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1384972                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              2126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          2213930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        13751388                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       315395                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       303754                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           46646746                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          36053026                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                362447                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2010500                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          12395029                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            15273809                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     12395029                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.549338                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.549338                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.392259                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.392259                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       75492608                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      23241866                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      16973282                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         4258                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2328549                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1909382                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230933                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       957193                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         906596                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         238223                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10245                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22266634                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             13237513                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2328549                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1144819                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2909618                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        655661                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2062760                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1373973                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       229790                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     27659509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       24749891     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         315791      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         363972      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         199755      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         229143      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         127346      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          87976      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         224818      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1360817      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     27659509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.073690                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.418920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22083976                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2249113                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2884848                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        23409                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       418159                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       377948                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2339                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     16155584                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        11960                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       418159                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22119889                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        660501                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1489522                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2872936                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        98498                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     16145162                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        23155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        46610                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     22442950                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     75164925                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     75164925                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     19143585                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3299304                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         4141                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2271                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          269627                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1541379                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       838032                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21962                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       185216                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         16114980                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        15226534                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21203                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2015277                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4672855                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          388                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27659509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21244244     76.81%     76.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2579269      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1387889      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       960772      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       837457      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       427500      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       105149      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        66883      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50346      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27659509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3900     12.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13830     42.56%     54.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14764     45.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12746891     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       237881      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1864      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1407860      9.25%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       832038      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     15226534                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.481866                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32494                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002134                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58166274                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18134574                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14971001                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     15259028                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37629                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273273                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           89                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          172                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17895                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          932                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          666                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       418159                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        608037                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15487                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16119157                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7548                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1541379                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       838032                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2271                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11119                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          172                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133502                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129488                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       262990                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14999611                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1321768                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       226923                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2153551                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2099647                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           831783                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.474684                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14971293                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14971001                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8895701                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        23297233                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.473779                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381835                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11240671                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13791256                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2328032                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3759                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       232056                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27241350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21606331     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2612863      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1096076      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       657157      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455714      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       295065      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       152951      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       122661      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242532      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27241350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11240671                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13791256                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2088220                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1268092                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1876                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1974098                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12433060                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       280586                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       242532                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           43118028                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          32656814                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                342912                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               3939614                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11240671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13791256                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11240671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.811142                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.811142                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.355727                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.355727                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       67656745                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      20783641                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15077809                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3754                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2453961                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2008722                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       242421                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1009622                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         964118                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         252708                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23617181                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             13720950                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2453961                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1216826                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2864218                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        662668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1183407                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1447553                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       242488                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     28082440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       25218222     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         134269      0.48%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         212451      0.76%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         286078      1.02%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         294750      1.05%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         249937      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         140258      0.50%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         206970      0.74%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1339505      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     28082440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077659                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.434219                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       23376655                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1426820                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2858708                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         3390                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       416866                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       402991                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     16837091                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1550                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       416866                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       23441266                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        200489                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1078477                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2798105                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       147234                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     16829668                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           39                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        21231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        63439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     23486831                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     78292310                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     78292310                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     20311566                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3175254                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         4097                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2098                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          438629                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1578351                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       851569                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10086                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       253882                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         16805814                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4111                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        15943800                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2394                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1888114                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4536072                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           87                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28082440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21296524     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2821375     10.05%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1420509      5.06%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1045292      3.72%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       824928      2.94%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337278      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211045      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110753      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14736      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28082440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3157     11.71%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10237     37.97%     49.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13566     50.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13409688     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238240      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1996      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1445065      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       848811      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     15943800                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.504565                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26960                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001691                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59999394                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18698113                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15700467                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     15970760                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32320                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       259078                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           77                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12365                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       416866                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        165115                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14226                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16809951                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7327                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1578351                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       851569                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2101                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12091                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           77                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140343                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       137143                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       277486                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15720404                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1358552                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2207295                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2233330                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           848743                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.497495                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             15700604                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            15700467                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         9016446                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        24297585                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.496864                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371084                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11840391                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     14569040                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2240903                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4024                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       245220                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27665574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21653732     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2997021     10.83%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1116620      4.04%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       531951      1.92%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       470465      1.70%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       258356      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       213925      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102296      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321208      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27665574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11840391                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     14569040                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2158472                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1319268                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              2008                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          2100927                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        13126407                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       299968                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       321208                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           44154231                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          34036784                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                360296                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3516683                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11840391                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            14569040                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11840391                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.668757                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.668757                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.374706                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.374706                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       70747294                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      21876768                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15603390                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         4020                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2137134                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1927924                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       113638                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       824610                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761920                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117782                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5078                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22634389                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             13425677                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2137134                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       879702                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2655359                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        358880                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      3111912                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1300306                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       113949                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     28644065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       25988706     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          94618      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         193786      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          82523      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         440984      1.54%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         392937      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          75631      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         158426      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1216454      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     28644065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067633                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.424875                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       22402258                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      3345779                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2645364                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         8490                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       242169                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       187877                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     15742825                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1441                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       242169                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       22432331                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       3091824                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       150921                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2627079                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        99736                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     15732708                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           49                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        50639                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        32808                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1763                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     18474708                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     74086984                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     74086984                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16345552                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2129156                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1841                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          940                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          230315                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3710836                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1874690                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17104                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        91511                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         15699754                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1848                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        15077976                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9239                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1239411                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2982906                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           29                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28644065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.317326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23233084     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1648595      5.76%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1337845      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       578243      2.02%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       721532      2.52%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       685252      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       389261      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31016      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19237      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28644065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37834     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       290013     86.23%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8462      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9460507     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131677      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3615233     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1869658     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     15077976                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.477164                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336309                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022305                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59145565                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16941431                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14947478                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     15414285                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27104                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       149538                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          421                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12806                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1332                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       242169                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       3016248                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29198                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15701621                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          211                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3710836                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1874690                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          940                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18037                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          421                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        65043                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67633                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       132676                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14972246                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3602979                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       105730                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            5472384                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1961860                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1869405                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473818                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             14947992                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            14947478                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8075559                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        15941380                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.473035                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506578                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12133583                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     14258292                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1445073                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1819                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       115932                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28401896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502019                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23212756     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1908513      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889182      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       876159      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241024      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1002263      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76373      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55719      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       139907      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28401896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     12133583                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     14258292                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              5423182                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             3561298                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1883131                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        12678628                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       138024                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       139907                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           43965315                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          31648933                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                487718                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2955058                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          12133583                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            14258292                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     12133583                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.604270                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.604270                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.383985                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.383985                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       74010801                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17361619                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      18736074                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2126960                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1919090                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       113230                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       803246                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         758279                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117164                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5040                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22538460                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             13363095                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2126960                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       875443                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2642192                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        357127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3158542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1294713                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       113493                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     28580251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       25938059     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          93703      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         192883      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          82014      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         438575      1.53%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         391381      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          75034      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         158370      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1210232      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     28580251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067311                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.422894                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       22305390                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      3393360                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2632180                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         8502                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       240814                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       186587                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          244                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15667322                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1455                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       240814                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       22336147                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       3137246                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       154597                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2613497                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        97945                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15657082                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           46                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        48628                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        32897                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1119                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     18386633                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     73732535                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     73732535                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     16268646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2117974                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1877                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          978                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          231886                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3692798                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1866072                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17114                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        91077                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         15624007                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1884                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        15006711                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8939                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1229332                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2956700                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           72                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28580251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23195340     81.16%     81.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1641396      5.74%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1330991      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       573601      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       719184      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       681718      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       388072      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30820      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19129      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28580251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37815     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       288629     86.18%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8465      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9415716     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131021      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          897      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3598002     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1861075     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     15006711                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.474909                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334909                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022317                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58937520                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16855651                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14877181                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     15341620                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27158                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       147540                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           66                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          430                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12593                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1320                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       240814                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       3063490                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29873                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15625908                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3692798                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1866072                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          979                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18452                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          430                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        64955                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67373                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       132328                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14901363                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3586373                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       105347                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            5447191                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1952496                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1860818                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.471575                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14877718                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14877181                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8039353                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        15870481                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.470810                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506560                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12077340                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     14192032                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1435666                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1812                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       115514                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28339437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23174267     81.77%     81.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1899861      6.70%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       884671      3.12%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       871431      3.07%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       240900      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       998050      3.52%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        75982      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55406      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       138869      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28339437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     12077340                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     14192032                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              5398737                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             3545258                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               904                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1874357                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        12619666                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       137353                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       138869                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           43828227                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          31496244                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                485880                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               3018872                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          12077340                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            14192032                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     12077340                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.616398                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.616398                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.382205                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.382205                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       73665183                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      17279917                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      18649613                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1810                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2452228                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2007154                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       241728                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1009053                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         962613                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         252315                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10964                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23584315                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             13709903                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2452228                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1214928                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2860891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        661626                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1241522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1445381                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       241873                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     28103537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       25242646     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         133957      0.48%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         211281      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         285716      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         294675      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         249689      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         139950      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         207328      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1338295      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     28103537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077604                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.433870                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       23343515                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1484666                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2855523                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         3308                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       416524                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       402890                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     16823160                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       416524                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       23408043                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        200256                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1136738                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2794962                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       147011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     16815767                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        21080                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        63417                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     23464791                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     78226836                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     78226836                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     20295238                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3169553                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         4107                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          438029                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1576440                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       851116                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9907                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       225852                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         16791915                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4121                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        15929466                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2330                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1886438                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4537509                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          101                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28103537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566814                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21346621     75.96%     75.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2791762      9.93%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1411175      5.02%     90.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1051975      3.74%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827791      2.95%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337396      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211366      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110519      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14932      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28103537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2963     10.88%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10232     37.58%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14029     51.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13397877     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       237986      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1994      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1443292      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       848317      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     15929466                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.504111                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27224                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001709                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59992023                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18682549                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15686946                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     15956690                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31880                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       258253                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12626                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       416524                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        165307                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14226                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16796061                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7212                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1576440                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       851116                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2113                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12077                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139827                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       136692                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       276519                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15706981                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1356909                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       222485                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2205152                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2231803                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           848243                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.497070                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             15687082                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            15686946                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         9008001                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        24276114                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.496436                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371064                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11830829                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     14557254                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2238810                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4020                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       244528                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27687013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21698776     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2975709     10.75%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1117319      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       531789      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       460000      1.66%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       257735      0.93%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       220302      0.80%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102011      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       323372      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27687013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11830829                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     14557254                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2156677                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1318187                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              2006                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          2099251                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        13115751                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       299718                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       323372                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           44159627                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          34008673                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                359623                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               3495586                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11830829                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            14557254                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11830829                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.670914                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.670914                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.374404                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.374404                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       70684199                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      21856521                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      15590332                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         4016                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               31599073                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2217018                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1812468                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       218444                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       940441                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         875494                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227644                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9784                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21535956                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12570941                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2217018                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1103138                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2634569                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        632353                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1104886                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1325531                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       219663                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     25684479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598083                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       23049910     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         142328      0.55%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         225986      0.88%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         357399      1.39%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         149725      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         168541      0.66%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         177245      0.69%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         116877      0.46%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1296468      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     25684479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.070161                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.397826                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       21335096                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1307787                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2626125                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         6700                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       408769                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       363736                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     15348897                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1652                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       408769                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       21366383                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        264377                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       950558                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2601985                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        92405                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     15337208                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents         3509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        26200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        34209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5665                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     21285197                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     71340581                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     71340581                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     18173899                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3111221                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3998                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2242                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          278204                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1464590                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       787810                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23829                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       180045                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         15315091                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4008                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14502145                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18827                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1930201                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4287132                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          464                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25684479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19562377     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2461836      9.58%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1342831      5.23%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       915744      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       855131      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       246324      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190667      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65283      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44286      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25684479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3325     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10135     38.24%     50.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13043     49.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12147685     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       228792      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1756      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1341648      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       782264      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14502145                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.458942                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26503                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001828                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54734099                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17249509                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14269014                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14528648                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        43793                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          215                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25367                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          930                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       408769                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        175280                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13133                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15319129                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2533                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1464590                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       787810                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2238                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9616                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          215                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       127383                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       124678                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       252061                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14296590                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1263164                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       205555                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  30                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2045029                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2012868                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           781865                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.452437                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14269248                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14269014                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8343995                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        21789150                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.451564                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382943                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10674994                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13084983                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2234168                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3544                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       222886                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25275710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19959904     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2576434     10.19%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1002016      3.96%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       540318      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       403743      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       225081      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       139042      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124442      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304730      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25275710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10674994                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13084983                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1961993                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1199561                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1768                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1878235                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11790622                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       265818                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       304730                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           40290053                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          31047191                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                350515                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               5914594                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10674994                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13084983                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10674994                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.960102                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.960102                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.337826                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.337826                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       64472290                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      19777412                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      14320113                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3540                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2448323                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2003557                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       240800                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1010479                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         962321                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         252617                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11008                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23553810                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             13689023                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2448323                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1214938                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2856951                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        658178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1213422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1442786                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       240941                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     28040423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935792                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       25183472     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         133589      0.48%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         211243      0.75%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         286375      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         294337      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         248924      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         139604      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         206957      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1335922      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     28040423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077481                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.433209                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       23316289                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1455314                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2851548                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         3266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       414005                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       402628                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     16795370                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1518                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       414005                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       23380110                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        204382                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1104589                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2791580                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       145754                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     16788080                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        21121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        62747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     23429801                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     78097186                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     78097186                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     20279406                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3150371                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         4060                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2063                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          434103                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1572455                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       850449                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10038                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       225204                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         16763950                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4073                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        15911043                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2384                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1870309                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4490461                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           57                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28040423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21289640     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2789716      9.95%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1410672      5.03%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1051774      3.75%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       825468      2.94%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       336472      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211393      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110233      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15055      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28040423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3009     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9832     36.73%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13929     52.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13380518     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       237849      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1992      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1442998      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       847686      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     15911043                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.503528                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26770                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59891663                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18638403                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15669203                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     15937813                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32178                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       255251                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12587                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       414005                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        169377                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14229                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16768049                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7498                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1572455                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       850449                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2068                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12099                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139681                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       135522                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       275203                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15689056                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1356451                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       221987                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2204070                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2229711                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           847619                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.496503                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             15669338                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            15669203                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8996415                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        24235148                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.495875                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371214                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11821646                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     14546009                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2222015                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4015                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       243599                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27626418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21642037     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2973815     10.76%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1116769      4.04%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       531978      1.93%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459213      1.66%     96.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       257978      0.93%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219647      0.80%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       101750      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       323231      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27626418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11821646                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     14546009                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2155053                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1317199                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              2004                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          2097622                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        13105654                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       299499                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       323231                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           44071133                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          33950101                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                358690                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               3558700                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11821646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            14546009                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11821646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.672988                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.672988                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.374113                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.374113                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       70607223                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      21832311                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      15568800                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         4010                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2131803                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1922885                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       114207                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       909949                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         762244                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117803                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5138                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22628848                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             13394025                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2131803                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       880047                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2650078                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        358231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      3095286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1300262                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       114466                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     28615368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       25965290     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          94708      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         193069      0.67%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          82477      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         440194      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         392993      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          76593      0.27%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         158424      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1211620      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     28615368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067464                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.423873                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       22393407                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      3332449                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2640212                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         8381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       240914                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       187528                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          242                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15705486                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1452                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       240914                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       22423443                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       3073856                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       157762                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2622260                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        97128                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15695303                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           70                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        48100                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        32167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2360                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     18433569                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     73916005                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     73916005                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16318394                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2115140                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1904                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1004                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          227724                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3702909                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1870837                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17064                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        90786                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         15663051                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1911                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        15051700                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9074                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1223848                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2929534                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           95                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28615368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23209007     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1651011      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1336636      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       576708      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       720453      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       683069      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       388448      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30840      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19196      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28615368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         38009     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       288990     86.14%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8483      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9445974     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131274      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3607756     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1865796     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     15051700                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.476333                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335482                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022289                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59063323                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16889229                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14921716                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     15387182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26989                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       148888                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          421                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12694                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1326                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       240914                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       3000825                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29579                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15664982                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          199                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3702909                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1870837                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1004                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18019                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          421                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        66159                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67250                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       133409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14945887                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3595627                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       105812                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            5461180                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1958730                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1865553                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.472984                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14922204                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14921716                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8063471                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        15919955                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.472219                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506501                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12112017                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     14233286                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1433180                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       116526                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28374454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23192693     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1906963      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       888567      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       872685      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       242430      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       999812      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76233      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55612      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       139459      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28374454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     12112017                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     14233286                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              5412164                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3554021                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1879956                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        12656431                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       137857                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       139459                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           43901422                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          31573898                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                488028                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2983755                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          12112017                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            14233286                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     12112017                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.608907                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.608907                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.383302                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.383302                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       73882820                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      17333834                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      18693961                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2451839                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2006360                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       241111                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1013517                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         963842                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         252928                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11002                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23592369                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             13710994                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2451839                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1216770                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2861564                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        658505                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1230252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          669                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1445245                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       241258                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     28099168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       25237604     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         134160      0.48%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         211715      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         286054      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         294353      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         250113      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         140340      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         207829      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1337000      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     28099168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077592                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.433904                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       23352446                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1473149                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2856307                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         3247                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       414018                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       403306                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     16821669                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1524                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       414018                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       23416578                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        206730                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1119301                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2796099                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       146439                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     16814837                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        21226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        63093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     23465630                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     78222595                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     78222595                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     20317198                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3148402                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         4061                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2065                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          435156                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1574370                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       852304                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10140                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       283054                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         16791811                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4074                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        15938919                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2357                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1872081                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4487487                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           51                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28099168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21292037     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2848573     10.14%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1429106      5.09%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1036258      3.69%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       819142      2.92%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337666      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211132      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110362      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14892      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28099168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3117     11.70%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9949     37.35%     49.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13572     50.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13404229     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238379      1.50%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1996      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1444769      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       849546      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     15938919                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.504410                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26638                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001671                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60005997                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18668041                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15697971                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     15965557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32201                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       254746                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           77                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12890                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       414018                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        171614                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14181                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16795911                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7562                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1574370                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       852304                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2065                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12021                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           77                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139938                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       135813                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       275751                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15717998                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1358997                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       220917                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2208479                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        2233490                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           849482                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.497419                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             15698098                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            15697971                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         9014077                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        24283326                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.496785                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371204                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11843638                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     14573044                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2222875                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4023                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       243914                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27685150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21652917     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3015295     10.89%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1115361      4.03%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       533293      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       481789      1.74%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       259392      0.94%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       205545      0.74%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102702      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       318856      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27685150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     11843638                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     14573044                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2159038                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1319624                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              2008                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          2101516                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        13129986                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       300044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       318856                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           44162135                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          34005889                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                359162                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3499955                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          11843638                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            14573044                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     11843638                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.668025                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.668025                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.374809                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.374809                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       70738312                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      21870569                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      15594439                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         4018                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2225833                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1820020                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       219799                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       939679                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         878827                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         228664                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9752                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21624677                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12622018                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2225833                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1107491                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2645767                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        636470                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1064605                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1331300                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       220941                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     25746872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23101105     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         142929      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         227196      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         359485      1.40%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         150154      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         169213      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         177029      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         116684      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1303077      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     25746872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070440                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399442                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       21422302                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1269004                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2637279                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         6759                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       411526                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       364887                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     15413565                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1643                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       411526                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       21453938                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        273601                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       900915                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2612859                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        94031                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     15401900                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         4116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        26190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        34675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6295                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     21375455                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     71642760                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     71642760                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     18243250                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3132191                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         4047                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2281                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          281644                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1472133                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       791063                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23450                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       178929                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         15380383                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4058                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14560036                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19085                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1943344                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4331675                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          498                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25746872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258764                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19603489     76.14%     76.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2468011      9.59%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1348619      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       918578      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858302      3.33%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       248092      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191759      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65345      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44677      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25746872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3352     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10241     38.30%     50.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13149     49.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12195635     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       229599      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1763      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1347740      9.26%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       785299      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14560036                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.460773                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26742                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54912771                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17327988                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14324283                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14586778                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        44787                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       268028                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          207                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25751                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          950                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       411526                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        184446                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13192                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15384469                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1472133                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       791063                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2280                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9618                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          207                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       128325                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       125282                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       253607                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14352246                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1267834                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       207790                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2052624                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2020186                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           784790                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.454198                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             14324550                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            14324283                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8373805                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        21872720                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.453313                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10715801                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     13134818                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2249697                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3560                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       224249                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25335346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20001361     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2584013     10.20%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1006566      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       540621      2.13%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405912      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       226094      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       139971      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124598      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306210      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25335346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10715801                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     13134818                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1969413                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1204101                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1776                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1885368                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11835498                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       266805                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       306210                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           40413573                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          31180606                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                352297                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               5852251                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10715801                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            13134818                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10715801                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.948834                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.948834                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.339117                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.339117                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       64722119                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      19855032                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14377383                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3556                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         2021                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.859508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         138556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.051610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.748955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.383413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   941.058631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1058.668509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.459501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.516928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            761                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 761                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4038                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4039                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                2021                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51546750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1610849659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1662396409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51546750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1610849659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1662396409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51546750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1610849659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1662396409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              6051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          761                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             761                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               6060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              6060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1718225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 809065.624812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822561.310737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1718225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 809065.624812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822561.310737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1718225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 809065.624812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822561.310737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            2021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           2021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     48912750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1435999544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484912294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     48912750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1435999544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484912294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     48912750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1435999544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484912294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1630425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 721245.376193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734741.362692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1630425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 721245.376193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734741.362692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1630425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 721245.376193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734741.362692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2025                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.850583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         138557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         4073                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        34.018414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.747106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.247603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   942.088021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1057.767853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.009398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.460004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.516488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  4031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            761                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 761                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   4040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4039                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  4040                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1995                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2025                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53298063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1636649245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1689947308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53298063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1636649245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1689947308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53298063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1636649245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1689947308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              6056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          761                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             761                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               6065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              6065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.331120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.330626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.330626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1776602.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 820375.561404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 834541.880494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1776602.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 820375.561404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 834541.880494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1776602.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 820375.561404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 834541.880494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                269                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     269                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     50663334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1461404751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1512068085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     50663334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1461404751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1512068085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     50663334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1461404751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1512068085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.331120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.330626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.330626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1688777.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 732533.709774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746700.288889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1688777.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 732533.709774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746700.288889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1688777.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 732533.709774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746700.288889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         2062                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.559241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         194621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         4108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        47.376095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.662692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.953233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   876.243020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1099.700296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.011696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.427853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.536963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  4063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2185                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                2185                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   4081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4080                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  4081                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                2061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 2061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2022                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                2061                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83636749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1720556935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1804193684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83636749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1720556935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1804193684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83636749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1720556935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1804193684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              6124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2185                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            2185                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               6142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              6142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.332347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.336545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.331367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.331367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2144532.025641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 850918.365480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 875397.226589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2144532.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 850918.365480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 875397.226589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2144532.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 850918.365480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 875397.226589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               1179                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    1179                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            2061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           2061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80211747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1542992806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1623204553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80211747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1542992806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1623204553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80211747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1542992806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1623204553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.332347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.331367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.331367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2056711.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 763102.277943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787581.054343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2056711.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 763102.277943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787581.054343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2056711.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 763102.277943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787581.054343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         3535                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.565437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         137463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         5582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        24.626120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.561651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    22.026340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   945.509618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1068.467828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.010755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.461675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.521713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  4328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            890                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 890                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   4340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4339                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  4340                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                3531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 3536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3500                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                3536                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67239235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3265820910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3333060145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7963424                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7963424                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67239235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3273784334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     3341023569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67239235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3273784334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    3341023569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              7859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          890                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             890                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               7876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              7876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.446817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.449294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294118                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.294118                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.446486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.448959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.446486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.448959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1867756.527778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 934426.583691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943942.267063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1592684.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1592684.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1867756.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 935366.952571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944859.606618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1867756.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 935366.952571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944859.606618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                542                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     542                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            3536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           3536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64076114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2958894004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3022970118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7524424                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7524424                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64076114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2966418428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3030494542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64076114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2966418428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3030494542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.446817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.446486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.446486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1779892.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 846607.726466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856122.944775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1504884.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1504884.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1779892.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 847548.122286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857040.311652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1779892.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 847548.122286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857040.311652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         2075                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.545912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         194603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         4120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        47.233738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.629767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.861315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   882.637613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1095.417217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.010674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.430975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.534872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  4050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2184                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                2184                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   4068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4067                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  4068                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                2073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 2073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2037                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                2073                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     50116419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1707276758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1757393177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     50116419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1707276758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1757393177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     50116419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1707276758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1757393177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              6123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2184                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            2184                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               6141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              6141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1392122.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 838132.919980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847753.582730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1392122.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 838132.919980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847753.582730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1392122.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 838132.919980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847753.582730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               1177                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    1177                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            2073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           2073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     46955619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1528410263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575365882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     46955619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1528410263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575365882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     46955619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1528410263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575365882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1304322.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 750324.135002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759944.950314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1304322.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 750324.135002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759944.950314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1304322.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 750324.135002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759944.950314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1108                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.491635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         194235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        61.603235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.423421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.878450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   524.331278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1455.858486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.014101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.256021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.710868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1065                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1065                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3375                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3377                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1108                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101948051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    873648068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     975596119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101948051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    873648068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      975596119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101948051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    873648068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     975596119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              4464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1065                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1065                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               4485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              4485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2831890.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 814970.212687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 880501.912455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2831890.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 814970.212687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 880501.912455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2831890.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 814970.212687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 880501.912455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                585                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     585                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98786316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    779505264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    878291580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98786316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    779505264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    878291580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98786316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    779505264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    878291580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2744064.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727150.432836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792681.931408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2744064.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727150.432836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792681.931408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2744064.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727150.432836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792681.931408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2047                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.562941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         194593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         4092                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        47.554497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.596399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.991013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   875.235200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1101.740330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.427361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.537959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  4046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2176                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                2176                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   4064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4063                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  4064                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2008                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2045                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70149142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1749590631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1819739773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70149142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1749590631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1819739773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70149142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1749590631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1819739773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              6091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2176                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            2176                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               6109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              6109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.331736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.330753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.330753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1895922.756757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 871310.075199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889848.299756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1895922.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 871310.075199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 889848.299756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1895922.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 871310.075199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 889848.299756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               1168                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    1168                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66900542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1573217427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1640117969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66900542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1573217427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1640117969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66900542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1573217427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1640117969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.331736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.330753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.330753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1808122.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 783474.814243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802013.676773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1808122.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 783474.814243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802013.676773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1808122.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 783474.814243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802013.676773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1420                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.395468                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         171176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        49.358708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.633418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.126780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   655.003399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1335.631871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.014710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.319826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.652164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1055                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1055                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3319                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3321                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1376                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1419                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89814620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1122036184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1211850804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89814620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1122036184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1211850804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89814620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1122036184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1211850804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              4722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               4740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              4740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.294206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.299367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.299367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2088712.093023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 815433.273256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 854017.479915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2088712.093023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 815433.273256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 854017.479915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2088712.093023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 815433.273256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 854017.479915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                611                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     611                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86038303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    999998940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1086037243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86038303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    999998940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1086037243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86038303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    999998940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1086037243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2000890.767442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 727271.956364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765893.683357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2000890.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 727271.956364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765893.683357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2000890.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 727271.956364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765893.683357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         4067                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.934568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         167491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         6115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        27.390188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.006823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.795161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1296.894998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         733.237586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.633250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.358026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  4764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1548                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1548                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   4767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4766                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  4767                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                4061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 4067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4035                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                4067                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52080490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3855394161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3907474651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8114205                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8114205                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52080490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3863508366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     3915588856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52080490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3863508366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    3915588856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              8825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1548                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1548                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               8834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              8834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1627515.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 956910.935964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962195.186161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1352367.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1352367.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1627515.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 957498.975465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 962770.803049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1627515.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 957498.975465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 962770.803049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                707                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     707                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            4067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           4067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49269891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3501587512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3550857403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7587405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7587405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49269891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3509174917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3558444808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49269891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3509174917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3558444808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1539684.093750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 869095.932489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874380.054913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1264567.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1264567.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1539684.093750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 869683.994300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874955.694123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1539684.093750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 869683.994300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874955.694123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         4068                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.934492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         167472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         6116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        27.382603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.013771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.132640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1298.139042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         731.649039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.633857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.357251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  4752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1541                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1541                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   4755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4754                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  4755                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                4062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 4068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4034                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                4068                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57748668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3914470724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3972219392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7427133                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7427133                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57748668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3921897857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     3979646525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57748668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3921897857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    3979646525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              8814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1541                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1541                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               8823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              8823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.458822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.459035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.459035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1698490.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 971814.976167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 977897.437715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1237855.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1237855.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1698490.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 972210.673525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 978280.856686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1698490.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 972210.673525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 978280.856686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                706                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     706                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            4068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           4068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54763468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3560718258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3615481726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6900333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6900333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54763468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3567618591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3622382059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54763468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3567618591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3622382059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.458822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.459035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.459035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1610690.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 883991.623138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 890074.280158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1150055.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1150055.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1610690.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 884387.355231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 890457.733284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1610690.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 884387.355231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 890457.733284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1415                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.400108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         171174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        49.429396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.636177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.358259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   653.341960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1339.063713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.013847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.319015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.653840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1055                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                1055                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3317                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3319                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1374                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1414                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67650381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1141590808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1209241189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67650381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1141590808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1209241189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67650381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1141590808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1209241189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              4715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            1055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               4733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              4733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.292901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.292901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1691259.525000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 830852.116448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855191.788543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1691259.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 830852.116448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 855191.788543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1691259.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 830852.116448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 855191.788543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                611                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     611                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64138381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1019838905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1083977286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64138381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1019838905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1083977286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64138381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1019838905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1083977286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.292688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.292688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1603459.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 742781.431173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767145.991507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1603459.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 742781.431173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767145.991507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1603459.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 742781.431173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767145.991507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         3525                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.574480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         137452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         5571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        24.672770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.605824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    20.622075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   943.849308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1070.497272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.010069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.460864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.522704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  4326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            887                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 887                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   4338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4337                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  4338                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                3520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 3526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3492                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                3526                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51067385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3225957320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3277024705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10579366                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10579366                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51067385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3236536686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     3287604071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51067385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3236536686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    3287604071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              7846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               7864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              7864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.446294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.446034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.448372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.446034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.448372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1501981.911765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 925403.706254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930972.927557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1763227.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1763227.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1501981.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 926843.266323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932389.129609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1501981.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 926843.266323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932389.129609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                539                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     539                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            3526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           3526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     48080682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2919885635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2967966317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10052566                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10052566                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     48080682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2929938201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2978018883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     48080682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2929938201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2978018883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.446294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.446034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.446034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1414137.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 837603.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843172.249148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1675427.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1675427.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1414137.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 839043.012887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844588.452354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1414137.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 839043.012887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844588.452354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         1417                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.365346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         171167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        49.398846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.632016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    30.135006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   654.157993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1336.440331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.014714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.319413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.652559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1055                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1055                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3310                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3312                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1376                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1417                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85954226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1166582115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1252536341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85954226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1166582115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1252536341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85954226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1166582115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1252536341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              4711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               4729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              4729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.299641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.299641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2096444.536585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 847806.769622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883935.314749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2096444.536585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 847806.769622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883935.314749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2096444.536585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 847806.769622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883935.314749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                610                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     610                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82352682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1045333479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127686161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82352682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1045333479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127686161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82352682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1045333479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127686161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2008602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 760242.530182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796388.531780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2008602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 760242.530182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796388.531780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2008602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 760242.530182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796388.531780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         4075                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.935246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         167479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         6123                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        27.352442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.019311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.268016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1299.310033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         730.337886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.634429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.356610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  4758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1542                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1542                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   4761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4760                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  4761                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                4069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 4075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4042                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                4075                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     59343947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3861277156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3920621103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8202805                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8202805                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     59343947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3869479961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     3928823908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     59343947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3869479961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    3928823908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              8827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               8836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              8836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1798301.424242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 956708.908821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 963534.308921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1367134.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1367134.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1798301.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 957318.149678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 964128.566380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1798301.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 957318.149678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 964128.566380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                705                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     705                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            4075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           4075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     56446547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3506862399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3563308946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7676005                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7676005                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     56446547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3514538404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3570984951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     56446547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3514538404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3570984951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1710501.424242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 868895.539891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875721.048415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1279334.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1279334.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1710501.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 869504.800594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876315.325399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1710501.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 869504.800594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876315.325399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1415                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.369550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         171172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        49.428819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.637062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    27.747677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   655.222406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1337.762406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.013549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.319933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.653204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1055                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                1055                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3315                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3317                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1376                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1414                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74932765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1146043159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1220975924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74932765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1146043159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1220975924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74932765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1146043159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1220975924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              4713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            1055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               4731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              4731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1971914.868421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 832880.202762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 863490.752475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1971914.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 832880.202762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 863490.752475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1971914.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 832880.202762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 863490.752475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                611                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     611                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71596365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1023781648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1095378013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71596365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1023781648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1095378013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71596365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1023781648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1095378013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1884114.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 744568.471273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775214.446568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1884114.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 744568.471273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775214.446568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1884114.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 744568.471273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775214.446568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         3512                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.559891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         137469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         5559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        24.729088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.593913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    20.301965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   934.853727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1079.810285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.009913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.456472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.527251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  4332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            893                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 893                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   4344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4343                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  4344                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                3507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 3513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3481                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                3513                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50750257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3163205917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3213956174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8747936                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8747936                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50750257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3171953853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     3222704110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50750257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3171953853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    3222704110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              7839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          893                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             893                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               7857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              7857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.447378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.447117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.447117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1585945.531250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 910275.084029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 916440.311948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1457989.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1457989.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1585945.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 911219.147659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 917365.246228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1585945.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 911219.147659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 917365.246228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                541                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     541                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            3513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           3513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47940657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2858064005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2906004662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8220594                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8220594                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47940657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2866284599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2914225256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47940657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2866284599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2914225256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1498145.531250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 822464.461871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 828629.786712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1370099                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1370099                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1498145.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 823408.388107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 829554.584685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1498145.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 823408.388107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 829554.584685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              551.747242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001432429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1794681.772401                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.576546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.170695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.040988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1400160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1400160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66973784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66973784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66973784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66973784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66973784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66973784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1557529.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1557529.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1557529.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1557529.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1557529.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1557529.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51864590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51864590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51864590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51864590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51864590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51864590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1673051.290323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1673051.290323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1673051.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1673051.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1673051.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1673051.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221204813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35195.674304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.315085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.684915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.719981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.280019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2072546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2072546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2458980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2458980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2458980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2458980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        21151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        21151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9280185152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9280185152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3165094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3165094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9283350246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9283350246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9283350246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9283350246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2093660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 439527.571848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439527.571848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85543.081081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85543.081081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 438908.337478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438908.337478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 438908.337478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438908.337478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1891295914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1891295914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1891872814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1891872814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1891872814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1891872814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 314168.756478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314168.756478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 313795.457621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313795.457621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 313795.457621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313795.457621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              552.248452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1001429782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1794677.028674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    26.077657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.170795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.041791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1397513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1397513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1397513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1397513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1397513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1397513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61644144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61644144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61644144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61644144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61644144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61644144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1397555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1397555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1397555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1397555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1397555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1397555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1467717.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1467717.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1467717.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1467717.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1467717.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1467717.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53618127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53618127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53618127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53618127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53618127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53618127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1729617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1729617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1729617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1729617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1729617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1729617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              221200057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35166.940700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   184.505763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    71.494237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.720726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.279274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2068135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2068135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       386084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2454219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2454219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2454219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2454219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        21078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        21078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9423919894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9423919894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      3100491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3100491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9427020385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9427020385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9427020385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9427020385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2089176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2089176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       386121                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386121                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2475297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2475297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2475297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2475297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 447883.650682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447883.650682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 83797.054054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83797.054054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 447244.538618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447244.538618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 447244.538618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447244.538618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15044                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15044                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1917410347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1917410347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1917987247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1917987247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1917987247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1917987247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 318242.381245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318242.381245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 317863.315711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317863.315711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 317863.315711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317863.315711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              513.038944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1076043695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2061386.388889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.390750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   481.648194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.050306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.771872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1375868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1375868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1375868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1375868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1375868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1375868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    119331471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119331471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    119331471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    119331471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    119331471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    119331471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1375924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1375924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1375924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1375924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1375924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1375924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2130919.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2130919.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2130919.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2130919.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2130919.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2130919.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84031887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84031887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84031887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84031887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84031887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84031887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2100797.175000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2100797.175000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2100797.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2100797.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2100797.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2100797.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 6102                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              170141974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             26760.297892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   227.496244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    28.503756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.888657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.111343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       967470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        967470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       817431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       817431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1882                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1882                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1784901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1784901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1784901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1784901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          478                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          478                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        21434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        21434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8666964429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8666964429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    298627690                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    298627690                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8965592119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8965592119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8965592119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8965592119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       988426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       817909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       817909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1882                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1882                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1806335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1806335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1806335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1806335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 413579.138624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 413579.138624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 624744.121339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 624744.121339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 418288.332509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 418288.332509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 418288.332509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 418288.332509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7347293                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 667935.727273                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            2185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15332                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15332                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2004504601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2004504601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1158972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2005663573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2005663573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2005663573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2005663573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 329471.499178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329471.499178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64387.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64387.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 328689.539987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328689.539987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 328689.539987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328689.539987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              520.310716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1080514199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2050311.573055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.681024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   489.629691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.049168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.784663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1327722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1327722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1327722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1327722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1327722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1327722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92470913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92470913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92470913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92470913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92470913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92470913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1327774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1327774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1327774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1327774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1327774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1327774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1778286.788462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1778286.788462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1778286.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1778286.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1778286.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1778286.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67615502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67615502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67615502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67615502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67615502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67615502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1827446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1827446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1827446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1827446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1827446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1827446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 7839                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              178801815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 8095                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             22087.932674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   228.404469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    27.595531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.892205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.107795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       918672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        918672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       759556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       759556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2150                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2150                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1771                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1771                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1678228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1678228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1678228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1678228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          111                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          111                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        20801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        20801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9232130217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9232130217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     86824875                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     86824875                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9318955092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9318955092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9318955092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9318955092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       939362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       939362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       759667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       759667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2150                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2150                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1771                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1771                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1699029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1699029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1699029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1699029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 446212.190285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446212.190285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 782206.081081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 782206.081081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 448005.148406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448005.148406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 448005.148406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448005.148406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12962                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12962                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3579256997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3579256997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8774124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8774124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3588031121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3588031121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3588031121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3588031121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 457588.468039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457588.468039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 516124.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 516124.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 457715.412808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457715.412808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 457715.412808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457715.412808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              511.558048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1076046666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2073307.641618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    29.558048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.047369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1378839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1378839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1378839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1378839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1378839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1378839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65912043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65912043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65912043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65912043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65912043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65912043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1378888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1378888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1378888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1378888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1378888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1378888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1345143.734694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1345143.734694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1345143.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1345143.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1345143.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1345143.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     50495240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50495240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     50495240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50495240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     50495240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50495240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1364736.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1364736.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1364736.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1364736.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1364736.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1364736.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 6104                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              170144350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 6360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             26752.256289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   227.513382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    28.486618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.888724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.111276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       968887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        968887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       818360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       818360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1884                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1884                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1787247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1787247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1787247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1787247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        21439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21439                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        21439                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8484027410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8484027410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    253450604                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    253450604                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8737478014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8737478014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8737478014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8737478014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       989885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       989885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       818801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       818801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1884                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1884                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1808686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1808686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1808686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1808686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000539                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000539                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 404039.785218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 404039.785218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 574717.922902                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 574717.922902                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 407550.632679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 407550.632679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 407550.632679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 407550.632679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4655427                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 581928.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            2184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1990371200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1990371200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1158965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1991530165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1991530165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1991530165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1991530165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 327040.946434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327040.946434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64386.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64386.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 326266.409731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326266.409731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 326266.409731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326266.409731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              486.888526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1077603295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2185807.900609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    31.888526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.051103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1479281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1479281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1479281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1479281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1479281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1479281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    156934745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156934745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    156934745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    156934745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    156934745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    156934745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1479331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1479331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1479331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1479331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1479331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1479331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3138694.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3138694.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3138694.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3138694.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3138694.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3138694.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4027158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1006789.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    102393527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102393527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    102393527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102393527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    102393527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102393527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2694566.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2694566.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2694566.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2694566.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2694566.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2694566.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              160409977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             34108.011269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   221.795023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    34.204977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.866387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.133613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1178538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       875706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       875706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2287                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2287                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2054244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2054244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2054244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2054244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        11536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        11536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2591851729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2591851729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9078640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9078640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2600930369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2600930369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2600930369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2600930369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1189959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       875821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       875821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2065780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2065780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2065780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2065780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 226937.372297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226937.372297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 78944.695652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78944.695652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 225462.063887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225462.063887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 225462.063887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225462.063887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        14322                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        14322                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1065                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1065                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7089                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7089                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1100755012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1100755012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1538301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1538301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1102293313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102293313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1102293313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102293313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 248701.990962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248701.990962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 73252.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73252.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 247873.468181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247873.468181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 247873.468181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247873.468181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              512.181627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1076041748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2069311.053846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    30.362939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   481.818688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.048659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1373921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1373921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1373921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1373921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1373921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1373921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     97224771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97224771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     97224771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97224771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     97224771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97224771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1373973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1373973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1373973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1373973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1373973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1373973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1869707.134615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1869707.134615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1869707.134615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1869707.134615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1869707.134615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1869707.134615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70530774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70530774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70530774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70530774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70530774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70530774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1856073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1856073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1856073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1856073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1856073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1856073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6071                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              170138227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6327                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             26890.821400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.450068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.549932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.888477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.111523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       965507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        965507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       815658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       815658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1877                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1877                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1781165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1781165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1781165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1781165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          443                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          443                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        21406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21406                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        21406                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8754474276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8754474276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    261841849                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    261841849                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9016316125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9016316125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9016316125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9016316125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       986470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       986470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       816101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       816101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1877                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1877                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1802571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1802571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1802571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1802571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000543                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000543                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 417615.526213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 417615.526213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 591065.121896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 591065.121896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 421205.088527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 421205.088527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 421205.088527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 421205.088527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7757737                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets            12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 646478.083333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            2176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2032281043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2032281043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1164069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1164069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2033445112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2033445112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2033445112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2033445112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 335747.735503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335747.735503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64670.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64670.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 334944.014495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334944.014495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 334944.014495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334944.014495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              509.869045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1074583033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2066505.832692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    34.869045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.055880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1447496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1447496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1447496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1447496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1447496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1447496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    100238393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100238393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    100238393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100238393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    100238393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100238393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1447552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1447552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1447552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1447552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1447552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1447552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1789971.303571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1789971.303571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1789971.303571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1789971.303571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1789971.303571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1789971.303571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1071052                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       535526                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90336644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90336644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90336644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90336644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90336644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90336644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2007480.977778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2007480.977778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2007480.977778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2007480.977778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2007480.977778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2007480.977778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4695                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              164024413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             33129.552212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   221.883203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    34.116797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.866731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.133269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       994196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        994196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       835262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       835262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2076                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2076                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1829458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1829458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1829458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1829458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        15178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        15178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5112764878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5112764878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8018906                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8018906                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5120783784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5120783784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5120783784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5120783784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1009275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       835361                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       835361                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2076                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2076                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1844636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1844636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1844636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1844636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.014940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 339065.248226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339065.248226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 80999.050505                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80999.050505                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 337381.986032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337381.986032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 337381.986032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337381.986032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1348566199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1348566199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1349719999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1349719999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1349719999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1349719999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 288340.004062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288340.004062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 287480.297977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287480.297977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 287480.297977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287480.297977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              569.894038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1108827571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1925047.866319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.630195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.263844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.045882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1300253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1300253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1300253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1300253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1300253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1300253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75619484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75619484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75619484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75619484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75619484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75619484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1300306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1300306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1300306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1300306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1300306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1300306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1426782.716981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1426782.716981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1426782.716981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1426782.716981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1426782.716981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1426782.716981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52411634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52411634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52411634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52411634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52411634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52411634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1588231.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1588231.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1588231.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1588231.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1588231.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1588231.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 8801                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              440466552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 9057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             48632.720768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.135817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.864183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.434124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.565876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3399317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3399317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1860008                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1860008                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      5259325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        5259325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      5259325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       5259325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        32156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        32156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15828440294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15828440294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31412779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31412779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15859853073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15859853073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15859853073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15859853073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3431435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3431435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1860046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1860046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      5291481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5291481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      5291481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5291481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 492821.479980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492821.479980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 826652.078947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826652.078947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 493215.980626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493215.980626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 493215.980626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493215.980626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4214348252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4214348252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8356305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8356305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4222704557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4222704557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4222704557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4222704557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 479338.973157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479338.973157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 928478.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 928478.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 479798.268038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479798.268038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 479798.268038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479798.268038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              569.547867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1108821973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1918377.115917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.597949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   540.949918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.045830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.866907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1294655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1294655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1294655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1294655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1294655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1294655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     80066801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80066801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     80066801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80066801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     80066801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80066801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1294713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1294713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1294713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1294713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1294713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1294713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1380462.086207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1380462.086207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1380462.086207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1380462.086207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1380462.086207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1380462.086207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     58096474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58096474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     58096474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58096474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     58096474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58096474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1659899.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1659899.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1659899.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1659899.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1659899.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1659899.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 8788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              440442210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 9044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             48699.934763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.142730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.857270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.434151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.565849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3383333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3383333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1851610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1851610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          956                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          956                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          905                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          905                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      5234943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        5234943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      5234943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       5234943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        32169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        32169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16031678629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16031678629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     25913114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25913114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16057591743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16057591743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16057591743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16057591743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3415464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3415464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1851648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1851648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          956                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          956                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          905                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          905                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      5267112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5267112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      5267112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5267112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 498947.391273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 498947.391273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 681924.052632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 681924.052632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 499163.534552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 499163.534552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 499163.534552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 499163.534552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23381                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23381                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4272554692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4272554692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7669233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7669233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4280223925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4280223925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4280223925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4280223925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 486678.971637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 486678.971637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       852137                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       852137                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 487053.245904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 487053.245904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 487053.245904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 487053.245904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              507.295742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1074580864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2078492.967118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    32.295742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.051756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1445327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1445327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1445327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1445327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1445327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1445327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78291413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78291413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78291413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78291413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78291413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78291413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1445381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1445381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1445381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1445381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1445381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1445381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1449840.981481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1449840.981481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1449840.981481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1449840.981481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1449840.981481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1449840.981481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     68159393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68159393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     68159393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68159393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     68159393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68159393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1622842.690476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1622842.690476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1622842.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1622842.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1622842.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1622842.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4691                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              164022796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             33156.012937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   221.852615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    34.147385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.866612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.133388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       993284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        993284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       834551                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834551                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2084                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2084                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2008                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2008                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1827835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1827835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1827835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1827835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        15022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        15121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        15121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        15121                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        15121                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5045848828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5045848828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8151281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8151281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5054000109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5054000109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5054000109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5054000109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1008306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       834650                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834650                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2084                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2084                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2008                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2008                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1842956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1842956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1842956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1842956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335897.272534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335897.272534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82336.171717                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82336.171717                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 334237.160836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334237.160836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 334237.160836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334237.160836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1367957048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1367957048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1369110848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1369110848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1369110848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1369110848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 292736.368072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292736.368072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 291859.059476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291859.059476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 291859.059476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291859.059476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              519.417274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1080511955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2058118.009524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.417274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.047143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1325478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1325478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1325478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1325478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1325478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1325478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     83102902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83102902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     83102902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83102902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     83102902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83102902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1325531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1325531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1325531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1325531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1325531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1325531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1567979.283019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1567979.283019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1567979.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1567979.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1567979.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1567979.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51430528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51430528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51430528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51430528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51430528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51430528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1469443.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1469443.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1469443.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1469443.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1469443.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1469443.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 7828                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              178800763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 8084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             22117.857867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   228.347282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    27.652718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.891982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.108018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       918404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        918404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       758740                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       758740                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1770                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1770                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1677144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1677144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1677144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1677144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          111                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          111                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        20785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        20785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9134468236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9134468236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    100252104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    100252104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9234720340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9234720340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9234720340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9234720340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       939078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       939078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       758851                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       758851                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1770                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1770                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1697929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1697929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1697929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1697929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 441833.618845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441833.618845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 903172.108108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 903172.108108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 444297.346163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444297.346163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 444297.346163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444297.346163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           93                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           93                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12956                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12956                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3538996458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3538996458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11398366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11398366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3550394824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3550394824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3550394824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3550394824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 453078.537703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453078.537703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 633242.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 633242.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 453492.760761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453492.760761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 453492.760761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453492.760761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              509.118834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1074578264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2074475.413127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.118834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.054678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1442727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1442727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1442727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1442727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1442727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1442727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100583118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100583118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100583118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100583118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100583118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100583118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1442785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1442785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1442785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1442785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1442785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1442785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1734191.689655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1734191.689655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1734191.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1734191.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1734191.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1734191.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       818166                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       818166                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86453300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86453300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86453300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86453300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86453300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86453300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2010541.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2010541.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2010541.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2010541.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2010541.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2010541.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4685                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              164021644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             33196.042097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   221.894949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    34.105051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.866777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.133223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       992815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        992815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       833915                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       833915                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2005                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2005                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1826730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1826730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1826730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1826730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        15040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        15144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        15144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        15144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        15144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5269781483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5269781483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8254302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8254302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5278035785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5278035785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5278035785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5278035785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1007855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1007855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       834019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2005                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2005                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1841874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1841874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1841874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1841874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.014923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 350384.407114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 350384.407114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 79368.288462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79368.288462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 348523.229332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 348523.229332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 348523.229332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 348523.229332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1392517087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1392517087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1393670887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1393670887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1393670887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1393670887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 298311.286847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298311.286847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 297411.627614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297411.627614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 297411.627614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297411.627614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              569.566506                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1108827527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1921711.485269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    27.946200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.620306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.044786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1300209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1300209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1300209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1300209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1300209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1300209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     86365654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86365654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     86365654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86365654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     86365654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86365654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1300262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1300262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1300262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1300262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1300262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1300262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1629540.641509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1629540.641509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1629540.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1629540.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1629540.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1629540.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     59709021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59709021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     59709021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59709021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     59709021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59709021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1756147.676471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1756147.676471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1756147.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1756147.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1756147.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1756147.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 8802                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              440455982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 9058                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             48626.184809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.154134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.845866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.434196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.565804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3392415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3392415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1856269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1856269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          985                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          985                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      5248684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        5248684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      5248684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       5248684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        31892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        31892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        31930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        31930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        31930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        31930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15785916304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15785916304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     29970716                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29970716                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15815887020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15815887020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15815887020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15815887020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3424307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3424307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1856307                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1856307                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          985                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          985                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      5280614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5280614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      5280614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5280614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 494980.443497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494980.443497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 788703.052632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 788703.052632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 495330.003758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 495330.003758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 495330.003758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 495330.003758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4219647192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4219647192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8444905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8444905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4228092097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4228092097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4228092097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4228092097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 479887.091095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479887.091095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 938322.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 938322.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 480355.839241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480355.839241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 480355.839241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480355.839241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              506.908605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1074580727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2086564.518447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.908605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.051136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1445190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1445190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1445190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1445190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1445190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1445190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     86001342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86001342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     86001342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86001342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     86001342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86001342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1445244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1445244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1445244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1445244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1445244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1445244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1592617.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1592617.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1592617.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1592617.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1592617.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1592617.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289033                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289033                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75401459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75401459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75401459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75401459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75401459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75401459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1885036.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1885036.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1885036.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1885036.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1885036.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1885036.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4691                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              164025109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             33156.480493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   221.918264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    34.081736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.866868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.133132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       994719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        994719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       835470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       835470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2042                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2042                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2009                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2009                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1830189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1830189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1830189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1830189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        15078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        15180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        15180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        15180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        15180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5106112262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5106112262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7998195                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7998195                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5114110457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5114110457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5114110457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5114110457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1009797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       835572                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       835572                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         2042                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2042                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         2009                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2009                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1845369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1845369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1845369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1845369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.014932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 338646.522218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338646.522218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 78413.676471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78413.676471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336897.922069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336897.922069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336897.922069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336897.922069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10489                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10489                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1372305570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1372305570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1163942                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1163942                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1373469512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1373469512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1373469512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1373469512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 293666.931308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293666.931308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64663.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64663.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 292788.214027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292788.214027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 292788.214027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292788.214027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              518.337470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1080517730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2065999.483748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.337470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.045413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1331253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1331253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1331253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1331253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1331253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1331253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74050326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74050326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74050326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74050326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74050326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74050326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1331300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1331300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1331300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1331300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1331300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1331300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1575538.851064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1575538.851064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1575538.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1575538.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1575538.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1575538.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     51081742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51081742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     51081742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51081742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     51081742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51081742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1547931.575758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1547931.575758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1547931.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1547931.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1547931.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1547931.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7824                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              178806403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 8080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             22129.505322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   228.411424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    27.588576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.892232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.107768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       921130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        921130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       761601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       761601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2228                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2228                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1682731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1682731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1682731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1682731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        20592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        20592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9007374644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9007374644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     83980828                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83980828                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9091355472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9091355472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9091355472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9091355472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       941607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       941607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       761716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       761716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2228                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2228                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1703323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1703323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1703323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1703323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 439877.650242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439877.650242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 730268.069565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 730268.069565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 441499.391608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441499.391608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 441499.391608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441499.391608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           97                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           97                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3476709521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3476709521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9571045                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9571045                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3486280566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3486280566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3486280566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3486280566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445389.382654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445389.382654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 531724.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 531724.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445588.006902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445588.006902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445588.006902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445588.006902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
