
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012373                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12373142268                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537200735805                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 380845                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   482025                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 293180                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67751848                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 42203.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16072850533                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20342991492                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       424448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       269440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       121344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       121088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       269696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       453248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       165120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       454528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       426880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       430976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       454784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       453888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       424448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       256000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       165120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       253184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5216768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1227136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1227136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         2107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         3541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 40756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9587                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9587                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       320695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21776198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       382765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      9807048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      9786358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       331040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21796888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     36631600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       413799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13345034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     36735050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     34500533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     34831572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     36755740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     36683325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     34303978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20689975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       413799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13345034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20462385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               421620304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       320695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       382765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       331040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       413799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       413799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5865608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          99177394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               99177394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          99177394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       320695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21776198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       382765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      9807048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      9786358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       331040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21796888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     36631600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       413799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13345034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     36735050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     34500533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     34831572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     36755740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     36683325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     34303978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20689975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       413799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13345034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20462385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              520797697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2080485                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701232                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       850621                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213420                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9101                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20176150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11810643                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2080485                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2472148                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        598907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       980800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1242715                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206178                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24018377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21546229     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133524      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210983      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336437      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139210      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         155928      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166470      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         108764      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1220832      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24018377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070117                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398043                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19981117                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1177690                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2464188                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       341044                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14416432                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20012526                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        260604                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       825274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2439642                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        91322                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14406460                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        34159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5543                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20000173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67010270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67010270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2976158                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2060                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          273976                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373186                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737804                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22242                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       168917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14386310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3723                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13601757                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17663                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843718                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4134859                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          404                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24018377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18282526     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2302822      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258189      5.24%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858593      3.57%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803240      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229388      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180506      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61062      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42051      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24018377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3177     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9589     38.29%     50.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12278     49.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11394115     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215284      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257515      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733197      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13601757                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.458407                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25044                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51264597                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16233902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13380615                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13626801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41906                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249627                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23587                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          863                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        168674                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12632                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390056                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373186                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737804                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2065                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9446                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118067                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236728                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13406277                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182629                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1915516                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1886609                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732887                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.451819                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13380810                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13380615                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7824007                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20436981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.450954                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382836                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2132918                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       209243                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23629373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18652360     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2411212     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938521      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505979      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377329      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210594      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131198      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115914      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286266      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23629373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837776                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       286266                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37733151                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29169275                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                329241                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               5653428                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.967180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.967180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.337020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.337020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60452600                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18547943                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13449279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2020153                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1808529                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       162871                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1367491                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1334019                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117977                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4820                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21442180                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11485882                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2020153                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1451996                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2559836                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        537439                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       912149                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1299008                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159542                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     25287878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       22728042     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         394368      1.56%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         193245      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         391000      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         120015      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         363523      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          56086      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          90246      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         951353      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     25287878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068083                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.387098                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       21258431                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1101197                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2554590                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2016                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       371640                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       185663                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         2048                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12807226                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4825                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       371640                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       21279875                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        744433                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       289305                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2532862                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        69759                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12786933                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           38                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         9925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        52491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     16712221                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     57891012                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     57891012                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     13488877                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3223315                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1670                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          848                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          165550                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2347901                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       364908                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3204                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        82326                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12719652                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        11891552                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8083                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2345154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4820816                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25287878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20075980     79.39%     79.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1618302      6.40%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1771571      7.01%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1013913      4.01%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       519878      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130136      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151485      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3637      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2976      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25287878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19478     57.04%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8113     23.76%     80.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6556     19.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9298505     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90696      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          823      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2140268     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       361260      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     11891552                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.400769                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34147                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49113206                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15066516                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11584645                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     11925699                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8828                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       489104                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9442                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       371640                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        666101                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8609                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12721340                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2347901                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       364908                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          846                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4323                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          259                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109881                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62432                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       172313                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11742977                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2110057                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       148569                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2471263                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1787725                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           361206                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.395762                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             11587842                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            11584645                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7017174                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        15136169                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.390426                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.463603                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9229026                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     10358707                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2363121                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       161675                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24916238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21073830     84.58%     84.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1499262      6.02%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       971378      3.90%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       306123      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513021      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        98089      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62082      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56325      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336128      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24916238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9229026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     10358707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2214263                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1858797                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1591912                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         9043605                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       126583                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       336128                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           37301899                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          25815611                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                485767                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               4383927                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9229026                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            10358707                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9229026                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.215053                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.215053                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.311037                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.311037                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       54639269                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      15057789                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13659687                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2577993                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2146441                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       236337                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       978829                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         940141                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         277067                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22420029                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             14142404                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2577993                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1217208                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2946003                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        659230                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1982929                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1394340                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225990                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     27775778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.989583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       24829775     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         180242      0.65%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         225648      0.81%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         362395      1.30%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         152201      0.55%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         195526      0.70%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         227785      0.82%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         105340      0.38%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1496866      5.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     27775778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086884                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.476628                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       22294019                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2127830                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2932032                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1445                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       420451                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       392153                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     17289111                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1665                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       420451                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       22317043                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         71859                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1992605                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2910389                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        63423                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     17182742                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        44011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     23995275                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     79897141                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     79897141                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     20040606                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3954645                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         4160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          222983                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1611887                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       840906                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9415                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       188935                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         16773585                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4173                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        16080241                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17037                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2058236                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4207009                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          165                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27775778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20964516     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3104419     11.18%     86.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1269819      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       713230      2.57%     93.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       964571      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       298505      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291714      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156631      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12373      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27775778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110771     78.89%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15266     10.87%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14377     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13545966     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219710      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1988      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1474401      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       838176      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     16080241                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.541937                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140414                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60093710                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18836100                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15658838                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     16220655                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11987                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       309380                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13061                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       420451                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         54912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6864                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16777761                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12854                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1611887                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840906                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6010                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139290                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       133372                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       272662                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15798749                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1449550                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       281491                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2287588                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2233157                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           838038                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.532450                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             15658924                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            15658838                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         9380785                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        25205258                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.527735                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372176                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11659086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     14366667                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2411140                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       238128                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27355327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21274907     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3081013     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1119576      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556559      2.03%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       510454      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       214162      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       212080      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100889      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285687      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27355327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11659086                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     14366667                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2130349                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1302504                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              2000                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          2082203                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        12934889                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       296682                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       285687                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           43847369                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          33976091                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                342577                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1896027                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11659086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            14366667                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11659086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.544951                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.544951                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392935                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392935                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       71082613                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      21880380                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15985751                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         4004                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2578091                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2146736                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235860                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977664                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         940331                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276780                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10917                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22423057                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             14143263                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2578091                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1217111                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2946576                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        657849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1986695                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1393980                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225491                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     27780660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.989354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       24834084     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         180242      0.65%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         227053      0.82%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         362636      1.31%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         151632      0.55%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         195106      0.70%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         227645      0.82%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         105061      0.38%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1497201      5.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     27780660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086887                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.476657                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       22295310                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2131828                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2932500                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1471                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       419550                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       391995                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     17287772                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       419550                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       22318629                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         72352                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1995711                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2910598                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        63812                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     17179957                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         9203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        44331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     23994193                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     79885357                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     79885357                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     20046630                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3947555                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         4142                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2154                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          224704                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1610365                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       840815                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9495                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       190188                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         16772119                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4155                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        16079290                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16895                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2053470                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4198286                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          147                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27780660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20968128     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3106242     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1270208      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       713584      2.57%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       963412      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       298002      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291830      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156790      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12464      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27780660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110980     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15161     10.79%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14373     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13545831     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219742      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1988      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1473698      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       838031      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     16079290                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.541905                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140514                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008739                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60096649                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18829850                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15660084                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     16219804                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12068                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          108                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12747                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       419550                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         55370                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6921                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16776280                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1610365                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840815                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2153                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6050                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          108                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139188                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132861                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       272049                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15799182                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1449229                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       280108                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2287134                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2233496                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           837905                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.532464                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             15660174                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            15660084                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         9381570                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        25206974                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527777                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372182                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11662542                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     14370919                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2405404                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       237662                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27361110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21277874     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3082742     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1120004      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       557458      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       510297      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       214060      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       212038      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       101017      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285620      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27361110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     11662542                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     14370919                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2130942                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1302874                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              2000                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          2082814                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        12938705                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       296765                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       285620                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           43851735                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          33972220                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                342196                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1891145                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          11662542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            14370919                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     11662542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.544197                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.544197                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393051                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393051                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       71085755                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      21883273                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15986864                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         4004                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2023548                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1811413                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163572                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1367590                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1335203                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118353                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4820                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21478836                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11506913                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2023548                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1453556                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2564607                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        539717                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       911670                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1301553                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       160213                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     25330393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       22765786     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         395053      1.56%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         193922      0.77%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         391294      1.54%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         120332      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         363981      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          56087      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          90349      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         953589      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     25330393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068198                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.387806                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       21296159                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1099695                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2559275                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2058                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       373202                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       186039                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2053                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     12831938                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         4838                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       373202                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       21317550                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        740620                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       291942                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2537574                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        69501                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     12811212                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           37                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         9935                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        52215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     16745245                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     58003415                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     58003415                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     13508949                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3236266                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1672                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          849                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          165085                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      2351823                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       365673                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3245                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        81901                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         12743811                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1677                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        11912235                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8081                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2354278                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4838765                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25330393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20109967     79.39%     79.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1621299      6.40%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1773393      7.00%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1015381      4.01%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       521211      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       131202      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151366      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3635      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2939      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25330393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19515     57.03%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8128     23.75%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6574     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9315205     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90861      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          824      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2143323     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       362022      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     11912235                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.401466                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34217                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49197159                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15099807                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11604169                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     11946452                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9246                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       490838                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9562                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       373202                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        665066                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8603                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12745499                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1076                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2351823                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       365673                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          847                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4339                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          260                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109976                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62996                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       172972                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11762572                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2112867                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       149661                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2474831                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1790354                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           361964                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.396423                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             11607454                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            11604169                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7028884                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        15166733                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.391084                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.463441                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9241935                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     10373640                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2372354                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1663                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       162376                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24957191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21109362     84.58%     84.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1501108      6.01%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       973010      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       306662      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513844      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97928      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62235      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56236      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336806      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24957191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9241935                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     10373640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2217096                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1860985                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               830                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1594128                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         9056817                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       126811                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       336806                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           37366340                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          25865493                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                486825                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               4341412                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9241935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            10373640                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9241935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.210562                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.210562                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.311472                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.311472                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       54730738                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      15084568                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13683979                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1660                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2032906                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1833994                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       108397                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       776610                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         724950                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111771                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4728                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21548615                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12773260                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2032906                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       836721                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2526213                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        342643                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      2778405                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1238006                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108590                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     27084807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.856521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       24558594     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          90339      0.33%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         184783      0.68%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          77608      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         418958      1.55%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         374336      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          71915      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         150852      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1157422      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     27084807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068513                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.430485                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       21328717                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2999971                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2516787                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         8001                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       231328                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       178659                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14977340                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       231328                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       21357040                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       2771407                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       132022                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2499476                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        93531                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14968173                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           82                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        48052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        31166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          494                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     17579375                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     70488933                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     70488933                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15548858                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2030506                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1749                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          892                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          220001                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      3529534                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      1782961                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16601                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        86933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14936651                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1754                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14339437                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8708                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1183959                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2861099                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27084807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21936104     80.99%     80.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1571048      5.80%     86.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1273501      4.70%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       548120      2.02%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       687226      2.54%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       651150      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369695      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29501      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18462      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27084807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36298     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275596     86.13%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8077      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8997410     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125215      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          857      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3437798     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1778157     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14339437                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.483268                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319971                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022314                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56092359                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16122772                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14215784                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14659408                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26093                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       142349                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          409                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12074                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1262                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       231328                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2699846                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27627                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14938423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3529534                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1782961                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          890                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        17158                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          409                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        62162                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64569                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       126731                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14239137                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3426665                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100299                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            5204633                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1865431                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          1777968                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.479888                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             14216270                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            14215784                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7681903                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        15170747                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.479101                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.506363                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11540797                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     13561929                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1378183                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       110537                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26853479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21916814     81.62%     81.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1816420      6.76%     88.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       846757      3.15%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       831943      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       230527      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       952137      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72444      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52787      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133650      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26853479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     11540797                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     13561929                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              5158072                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             3387185                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1790647                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        12059905                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       131266                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       133650                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           41659902                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          30111582                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                464197                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2586998                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          11540797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            13561929                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     11540797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.571036                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.571036                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.388948                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.388948                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       70388729                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16511815                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      17823920                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1728                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               29671797                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2298657                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1880791                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227182                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       970034                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         904613                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237458                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10263                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22162935                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12845220                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2298657                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1142071                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2682880                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        617662                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1172127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles          755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1357566                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227196                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     26406264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       23723384     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         125420      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         199332      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         269346      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         276201      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         234098      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         131452      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         193980      0.73%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1253051      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     26406264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077469                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.432910                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       21938185                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1399869                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2677789                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         3126                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       387292                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       378183                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     15763813                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       387292                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       21998357                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        205251                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1056725                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2621489                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       137147                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     15757232                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        19625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        59263                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     21991642                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     73296944                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     73296944                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     19069294                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2922348                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3868                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1991                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          411275                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1477574                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       798654                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9282                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       215989                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         15736118                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3881                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14952683                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2381                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1728236                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4122788                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          101                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26406264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20056867     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2628390      9.95%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1327946      5.03%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       985463      3.73%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       775440      2.94%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314981      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199154      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       103761      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14262      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26406264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2630     10.46%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9136     36.33%     46.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13381     53.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12576541     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222576      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1874      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1355741      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       795951      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14952683                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.503936                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25147                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56339158                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17468297                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14724612                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14977830                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30851                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238780                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10603                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       387292                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        173029                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13381                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15740022                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4933                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1477574                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       798654                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1994                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11273                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131873                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127506                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       259379                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14743125                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1275374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       209558                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2071247                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2095844                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           795873                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.496873                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14724730                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14724612                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8453193                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        22778262                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.496249                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371108                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11116025                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13678373                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2061662                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3780                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       229800                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26018972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20388354     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2799284     10.76%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1050294      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       499879      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434379      1.67%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       242572      0.93%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204749      0.79%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        95694      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303767      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26018972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11116025                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13678373                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2026845                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1238794                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1886                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1972473                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12324089                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       281734                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       303767                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           41455162                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          31867377                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                337851                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               3265533                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11116025                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13678373                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11116025                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.669281                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.669281                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.374633                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.374633                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       66355263                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      20514080                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14611771                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3776                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2029748                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1830889                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       108295                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       754752                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         722921                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111780                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4739                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21515477                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12753548                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2029748                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       834701                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2521918                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        342441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      2792803                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1236219                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108533                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     27061675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.856021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       24539757     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          89664      0.33%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         185109      0.68%     91.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          77563      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         417210      1.54%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         374064      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          71685      0.26%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         150855      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1155768      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     27061675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068407                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.429820                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       21283885                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      3026058                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2512502                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         7994                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       231233                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       178615                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          244                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14954326                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1468                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       231233                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       21313311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2802047                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       123108                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2494207                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        97766                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14945474                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           59                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        50193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        32380                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          889                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     17557057                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     70380249                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     70380249                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     15524664                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2032393                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1744                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          888                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          228493                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3522495                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1779497                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16418                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        85113                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14914255                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1748                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14318201                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8701                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1182372                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2856728                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27061675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21918209     80.99%     80.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1570103      5.80%     86.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1273166      4.70%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       548347      2.03%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       685746      2.53%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649158      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369141      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29335      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18470      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27061675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36158     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       274641     86.12%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8092      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8986312     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125190      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          856      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3431125     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1774718     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14318201                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.482552                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            318891                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022272                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56025669                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16098769                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14194297                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14637092                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26099                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       142392                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          395                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12222                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1261                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       231233                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2726825                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        28197                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14916020                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3522495                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1779497                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          886                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        17313                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          395                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61744                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64773                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       126517                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14217795                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3420055                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100406                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            5194549                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1862787                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1774494                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.479169                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14194788                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14194297                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7671079                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        15150877                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.478377                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506313                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11520943                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     13539068                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1378597                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1727                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       110440                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26830442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21901442     81.63%     81.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1814391      6.76%     88.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845128      3.15%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       830612      3.10%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       230562      0.86%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       949593      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72227      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52886      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133601      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26830442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11520943                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     13539068                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              5147378                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             3380103                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1787743                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        12039676                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       131146                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       133601                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           41614467                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          30066586                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                463317                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2610130                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11520943                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            13539068                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11520943                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.575467                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.575467                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.388279                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.388279                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       70277541                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16490321                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      17794094                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1724                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2080116                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701369                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205465                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       858118                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         818673                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213395                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9102                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20186795                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11802865                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2080116                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1032068                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2471609                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        598607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       995555                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1243405                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206602                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     24042603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21570994     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         133390      0.55%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         211249      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         336421      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         139540      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         156099      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         166727      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         109059      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1219124      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     24042603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070104                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.397780                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19992545                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1191753                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2463796                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         6135                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       388371                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       340508                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14408409                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1612                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       388371                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20023845                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        244995                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       854189                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2439259                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        91939                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14398376                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         3783                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        24940                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        33923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6751                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19987612                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     66973466                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     66973466                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17025471                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2961937                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3729                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2079                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          272158                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373184                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       737513                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22269                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       168452                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14378076                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3741                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13598549                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17482                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1837956                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4107027                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          422                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24042603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18305709     76.14%     76.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2305171      9.59%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1257770      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859143      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802140      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229549      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179618      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61628      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41875      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24042603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3217     12.85%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9535     38.09%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12278     49.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11392294     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214936      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256887      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732786      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13598549                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.458299                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25030                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51282213                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16219932                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13377764                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13623579                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40709                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249461                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23202                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          864                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       388371                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        162724                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12671                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14381846                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          926                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373184                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737513                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2083                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9467                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119459                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117496                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       236955                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13403198                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182124                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1914565                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1885990                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           732441                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.451715                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13377949                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13377764                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7823451                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20435611                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.450858                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382834                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000961                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12258379                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2123318                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       209578                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23654232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18676074     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2410987     10.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938882      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       506526      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378089      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211491      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130330      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116565      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285288      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23654232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10000961                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12258379                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1838008                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1123702                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1759787                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11045566                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       249031                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       285288                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           37750576                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          29151989                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                329373                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               5629202                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10000961                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12258379                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10000961                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.966895                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.966895                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.337053                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.337053                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       60441336                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18545099                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13440771                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2080768                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701881                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853956                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         818629                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212801                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9086                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20194464                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11811981                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2080768                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1031430                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2472596                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        599485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       981277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1243711                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206495                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24039661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21567065     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         134257      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         211034      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         335670      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         139774      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         155801      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         166306      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         109131      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1220623      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24039661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070126                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.398088                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20003612                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1175809                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2464635                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         6330                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       389272                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       340665                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14416449                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1602                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       389272                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20035004                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        286383                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       798039                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2440071                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        90887                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14405897                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         3024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        24711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        33910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5680                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19998272                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     67007118                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     67007118                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17025960                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2972246                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3742                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2092                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          273475                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372708                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       738265                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22256                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       169138                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14385783                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3754                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13600645                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17986                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1842886                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4136970                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          430                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24039661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18301433     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2306271      9.59%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1257272      5.23%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859712      3.58%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802454      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229349      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180061      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61105      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42004      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24039661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3176     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9582     38.23%     50.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12309     49.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11392325     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215252      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1258208      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733214      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13600645                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.458369                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25067                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51284003                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16232579                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13380841                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13625712                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41025                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248946                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23926                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          871                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       389272                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        192953                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13040                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14389562                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372708                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738265                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2093                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9959                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119730                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117602                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       237332                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13406927                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183096                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193717                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1915969                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1886211                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           732873                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.451841                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13381036                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13380841                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7822186                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20427757                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.450961                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382919                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001327                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12258793                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2130842                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3324                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       209548                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23650389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18671248     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412257     10.20%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939643      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505668      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377720      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211128      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130872      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116330      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285523      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23650389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10001327                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12258793                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1838101                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1123762                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1658                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1759858                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11045923                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       249038                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       285523                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37754436                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29168607                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                329128                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               5632144                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10001327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12258793                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10001327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.966787                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.966787                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.337065                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.337065                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60457830                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18548020                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13450643                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2031204                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1832344                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       108104                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       775508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         724153                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111555                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4760                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21532899                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12763018                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2031204                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       835708                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2524015                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        341447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2803275                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1237016                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108389                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     27092328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552712                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       24568313     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          90087      0.33%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         184649      0.68%     91.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          77660      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         418510      1.54%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         374295      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          71653      0.26%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         150836      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1156325      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     27092328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068456                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430140                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       21311410                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      3027872                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2514604                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         8009                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       230430                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       178631                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14964636                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1490                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       230430                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       21339818                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       2808541                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       122768                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2497323                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        93445                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14955561                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        48086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        31068                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          447                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     17562423                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     70428421                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     70428421                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15540043                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2022368                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1744                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          888                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          219706                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3526936                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1782191                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16504                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        86269                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14924907                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1749                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14330221                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8490                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1180154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2848265                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27092328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21950092     81.02%     81.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1566948      5.78%     86.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1271935      4.69%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       547417      2.02%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       686689      2.53%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       651470      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369777      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29616      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18384      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27092328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36189     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275870     86.17%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8100      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8990564     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125146      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          856      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3436147     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1777508     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14330221                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.482958                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320159                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022342                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56081419                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16107218                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14206955                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14650380                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25779                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       141048                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          411                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12022                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1260                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       230430                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2736778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27809                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14926677                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3526936                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1782191                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          887                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        17145                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          411                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61849                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       126188                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14230200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3424877                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100021                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            5202202                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1864348                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1777325                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.479587                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14207455                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14206955                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7675954                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        15156391                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.478803                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506450                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11534854                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13554955                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1373351                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1727                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       110244                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26861898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21929545     81.64%     81.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1812978      6.75%     88.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845809      3.15%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       832322      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       230139      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       952970      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72121      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52851      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133163      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26861898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11534854                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13554955                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              5156050                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3385881                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1789740                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        12053671                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       131190                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       133163                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           41657002                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          30087079                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                464315                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2579477                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11534854                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13554955                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11534854                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.572361                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.572361                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.388748                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.388748                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       70345658                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16499824                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      17811447                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1724                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2027704                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1828998                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       107905                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       780333                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         723440                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111446                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4762                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21492967                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12732585                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2027704                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       834886                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2519053                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        339938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2793923                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1234715                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108151                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     27035295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       24516242     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          90054      0.33%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         183650      0.68%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          77709      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         418197      1.55%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         374463      1.39%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          71370      0.26%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         150534      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1153076      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     27035295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068338                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.429114                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       21268119                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      3020452                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2509550                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         8066                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       229105                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       178497                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14932214                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1506                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       229105                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       21296873                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2792317                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       129552                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2491972                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        95473                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14923083                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           80                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        48979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        31493                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1049                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17522231                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     70276226                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     70276226                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15511604                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2010617                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1746                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          222812                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3522176                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1778876                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16743                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        86237                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14891593                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1753                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14303559                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8644                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1170156                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2816664                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27035295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21896573     80.99%     80.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1568380      5.80%     86.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1274162      4.71%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       546034      2.02%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       684307      2.53%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649337      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369010      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29156      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18336      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27035295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36025     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275098     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8032      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8973842     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       124712      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          855      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3429963     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1774187     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14303559                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.482059                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319155                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022313                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     55970212                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16063905                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14179956                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14622714                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26427                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       142933                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           65                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          404                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12146                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1258                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       229105                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2719460                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27471                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14893365                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3522176                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1778876                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          891                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16823                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          404                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61393                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64567                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       125960                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14203555                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3418847                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100004                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            5192828                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1861290                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1773981                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.478689                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14180445                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14179956                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7662967                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        15135118                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.477893                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506304                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11513383                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13529679                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1365355                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1727                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       110055                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26806190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21880244     81.62%     81.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1813280      6.76%     88.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845070      3.15%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       829871      3.10%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       229598      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       949790      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72256      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52880      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133201      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26806190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11513383                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13529679                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              5145973                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3379243                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1786378                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12031224                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       130947                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       133201                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           41567984                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          30019201                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                463103                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2636510                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11513383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13529679                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11513383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.577158                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.577158                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.388024                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.388024                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       70213392                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16468313                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      17771510                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1724                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2080680                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701683                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205737                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853280                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         818577                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212753                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9138                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20197922                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11813104                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2080680                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1031330                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2472955                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        600131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       997784                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1244294                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206801                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     24058549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21585594     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         134254      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         211235      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         335839      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         139667      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         155538      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         166710      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         109223      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1220489      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     24058549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070123                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.398126                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20004346                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1193336                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2464931                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         6321                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       389612                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       340722                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14417192                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1606                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       389612                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20035672                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        267261                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       830471                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2440409                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        95119                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14406571                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2536                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        24787                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        33956                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9875                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19999983                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     67008569                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     67008569                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17025814                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2974163                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3750                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2101                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          273756                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372301                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       738357                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22277                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       169140                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14386262                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3761                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13602212                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17840                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1841020                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4132105                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          439                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24058549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18319088     76.14%     76.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2306899      9.59%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1257503      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       860529      3.58%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802386      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229042      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179814      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61222      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42066      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24058549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3187     12.71%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9595     38.27%     50.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12289     49.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11393898     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215166      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1258126      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733376      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13602212                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.458422                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25071                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51305884                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16231196                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13382341                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13627283                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41003                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248553                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24026                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          873                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       389612                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        176571                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12936                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390054                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          878                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372301                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738357                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2101                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9790                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119935                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117688                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       237623                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13408142                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182797                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194070                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  31                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1915818                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1886698                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           733021                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.451882                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13382568                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13382341                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7822684                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20426967                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.451012                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382959                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001229                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12258669                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2131435                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3322                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       209858                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23668937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369298                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18689687     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412391     10.19%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939832      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505567      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377553      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211023      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131117      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116252      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285515      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23668937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10001229                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12258669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1838076                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1123745                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1657                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1759839                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11045811                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       249035                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       285515                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37773461                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29169861                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                329892                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               5613256                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10001229                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12258669                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10001229                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.966816                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.966816                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.337062                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.337062                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60461188                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18550358                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13451932                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2188238                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1795453                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216117                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       904025                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         853743                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223382                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9522                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20872029                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12430985                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2188238                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1077125                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2731840                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        614241                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1913103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1287434                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214835                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     25911195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       23179355     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         293330      1.13%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         341499      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         188684      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         218890      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         119375      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          82033      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         212288      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1275741      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     25911195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073748                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.418949                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20705195                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2083705                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2709717                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        20600                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       391976                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       354028                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2241                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15170361                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        11470                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       391976                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20736953                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        701705                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1290563                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2699290                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        90706                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15160239                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        23927                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        41718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     21066987                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     70576291                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     70576291                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17954026                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3112887                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3873                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2121                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          246560                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1449549                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       786850                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20684                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       173694                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         15132966                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3877                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14287235                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20058                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1909223                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4437502                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          354                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25911195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19888686     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2424620      9.36%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1299173      5.01%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       902151      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       787533      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       402892      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96293      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        63310      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46537      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25911195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3667     11.92%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13228     43.01%     54.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13864     45.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11960191     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       223150      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1748      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1321238      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       780908      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14287235                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.481509                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30759                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54536482                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17046234                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14049306                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14317994                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35980                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       259623                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          170                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16843                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          874                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          557                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       391976                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        653495                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15591                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15136870                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2240                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1449549                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       786850                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2118                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10859                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          170                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125046                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121645                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       246691                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14076261                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1241164                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2021839                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1969545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           780675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.474399                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14049659                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14049306                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8351767                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        21874732                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.473490                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381800                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10543905                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12936341                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2200738                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3522                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       217112                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25519219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20232201     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2453178      9.61%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1027219      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       616096      2.41%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       428353      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       276093      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143479      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115114      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227486      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25519219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10543905                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12936341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1959909                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1189911                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1851435                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11662726                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       263264                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       227486                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           40428747                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          30666226                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                321322                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3760610                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10543905                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12936341                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10543905                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.814119                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.814119                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.355351                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.355351                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       63493575                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      19500369                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      14159108                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2299174                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1881187                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227225                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       970273                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         904833                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237519                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10269                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22168280                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12848334                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2299174                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1142352                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2683516                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        617778                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1182143                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1357884                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227239                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     26422328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       23738812     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         125450      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         199399      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         269405      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         276250      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         234153      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         131480      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         194025      0.73%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1253354      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     26422328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077487                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.433015                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       21943402                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1410012                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2678421                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         3128                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       387362                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       378280                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     15767520                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       387362                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       22003597                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        210662                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1061396                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2622098                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       137210                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     15760862                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        19672                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        59266                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     21996667                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     73313812                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     73313812                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     19073759                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2922901                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3872                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1994                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          411436                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1477903                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       798859                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9284                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       216011                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         15739717                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3886                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        14956143                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2382                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1728567                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4123507                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          102                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26422328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20071420     75.96%     75.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2629118      9.95%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1328200      5.03%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       985591      3.73%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       775705      2.94%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315040      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199211      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       103778      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14265      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26422328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2633     10.46%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9142     36.33%     46.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13388     53.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12579435     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222615      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1875      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1356063      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       796155      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     14956143                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.504052                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25163                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56362159                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17472232                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14728032                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     14981306                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30865                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238813                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10608                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       387362                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        178391                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13372                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15743626                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4931                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1477903                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       798859                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1997                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11265                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131904                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127527                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       259431                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14746555                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1275689                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       209588                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2071766                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        2096315                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           796077                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.496989                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             14728150                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            14728032                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8455177                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        22783389                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.496365                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371111                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11118695                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     13681589                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2062041                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3784                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       229846                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26034966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20402997     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2799977     10.75%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1050530      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       499987      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434517      1.67%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       242609      0.93%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204796      0.79%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        95722      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303831      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26034966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     11118695                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     13681589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2027336                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1239087                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1972913                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        12327017                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       281800                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       303831                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           41474687                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          31874646                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                337939                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3249477                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          11118695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            13681589                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     11118695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.668641                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.668641                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.374723                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.374723                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       66370822                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      20518766                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      14615353                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3780                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2184964                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1792713                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215806                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       901454                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         852373                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223158                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9597                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20846209                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12413457                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2184964                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1075531                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2729482                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        613341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1915558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1285738                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214370                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     25885049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23155567     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         294398      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         342164      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         188004      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         218218      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         118972      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          81707      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         210734      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1275285      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     25885049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.073638                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.418359                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20678230                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2087305                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2707071                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        20881                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       391560                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       353495                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         2235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     15149441                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        11573                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       391560                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20710934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        729299                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1266246                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2696194                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        90814                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     15139001                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        23757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        41806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     21036172                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     70483620                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     70483620                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17933655                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3102443                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3893                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2146                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          246489                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1447974                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       785962                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20831                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       174185                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         15111645                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3897                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14267954                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19990                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1905263                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4428323                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          378                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25885049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19870918     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2420918      9.35%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1298824      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       899162      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786991      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       401782      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96817      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        62970      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46667      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25885049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3700     12.04%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13167     42.86%     54.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13856     45.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11944387     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222706      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1746      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1319304      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       779811      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14267954                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.480859                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30723                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54471670                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17020966                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14029459                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14298677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35600                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       259407                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16840                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          872                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          396                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       391560                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        677887                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15534                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15115565                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5917                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1447974                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       785962                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2140                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10841                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124430                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121540                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       245970                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14056179                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1238974                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       211775                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2018519                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1966690                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           779545                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.473722                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             14029784                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            14029459                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8340886                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        21849623                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.472821                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381740                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10531915                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12921627                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2194169                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3518                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       216814                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25493489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20213284     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2449300      9.61%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1026084      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       615450      2.41%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       427843      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       275952      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143492      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114947      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227137      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25493489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10531915                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12921627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1957665                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1188552                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1756                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1849333                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11649454                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       262963                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       227137                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           40382083                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          30623241                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                321052                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               3786756                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10531915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12921627                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10531915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.817323                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.817323                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.354947                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.354947                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       63405118                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      19473150                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14138755                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3350                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.561345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         123678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        22.911819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.134799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.728573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   929.261371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1086.436602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.453741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.530487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4013                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3350                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3096366058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3150663606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104451601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3158749149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104451601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3158749149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 935175.493204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 941902.423318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936203.739747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 942910.193731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936203.739747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 942910.193731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2805634951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2856947299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813281494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864593842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813281494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864593842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 847367.849894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854094.857698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848396.107961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855102.639403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848396.107961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855102.639403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2136                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.791010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         121258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         4184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        28.981358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.737903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    18.703729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   933.527358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1065.822020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.009133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.455824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.520421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3785                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3786                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2105                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2136                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59477634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1690167340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1749644974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59477634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1690167340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1749644974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59477634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1690167340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1749644974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              5913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               5922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              5922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.357932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.361238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.357385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.360689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.357385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.360689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1918633.354839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 802929.852732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819122.178839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1918633.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 802929.852732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819122.178839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1918633.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 802929.852732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819122.178839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                316                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     316                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56755834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1505308698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1562064532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56755834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1505308698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1562064532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56755834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1505308698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1562064532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.357932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.357385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.357385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1830833.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715111.020428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731303.619850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1830833.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715111.020428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731303.619850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1830833.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715111.020428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731303.619850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          985                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.490305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         182339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        60.118365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.490305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    30.329934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   458.232995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1520.437070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.014810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.223747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.742401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            975                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 975                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3200                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3202                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          948                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 985                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103361114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    782971826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     886332940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103361114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    782971826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      886332940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103361114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    782971826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     886332940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              4171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          975                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             975                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               4187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              4187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.229429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.236154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.228544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.235252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.228544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.235252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2793543.621622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 825919.647679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 899830.395939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2793543.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 825919.647679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 899830.395939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2793543.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 825919.647679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 899830.395939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                514                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     514                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100112514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    699737426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    799849940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100112514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    699737426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    799849940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100112514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    699737426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    799849940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.229429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.236154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.228544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.228544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2705743.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 738119.647679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812030.395939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2705743.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 738119.647679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812030.395939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2705743.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 738119.647679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812030.395939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          982                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.513511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         182354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        60.182838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.513511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    29.254072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   457.407372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1522.338556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.014284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.223343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.743329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3209                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3211                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          946                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 982                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99010603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    790590443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     889601046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99010603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    790590443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      889601046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99010603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    790590443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     889601046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.228502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.227677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.227677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2750294.527778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 835719.284355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 905907.378819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2750294.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 835719.284355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 905907.378819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2750294.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 835719.284355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 905907.378819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                513                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     513                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95848877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    707506276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    803355153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95848877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    707506276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    803355153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95848877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    707506276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    803355153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.228502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.227677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.227677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2662468.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 747892.469345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818080.603870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2662468.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 747892.469345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818080.603870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2662468.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 747892.469345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818080.603870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         2139                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.794315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         121267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         4187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        28.962742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.743299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.750101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   934.553388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1063.747526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.456325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.519408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            674                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 674                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3792                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3793                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                2139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 2139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2107                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                2139                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65484773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1663033462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1728518235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65484773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1663033462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1728518235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65484773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1663033462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1728518235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              5923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          674                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             674                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               5932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              5932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.357725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.361135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.357179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.360587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.357179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.360587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2046399.156250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 789289.730422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 808096.416550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2046399.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 789289.730422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 808096.416550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2046399.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 789289.730422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 808096.416550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                315                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     315                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            2139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           2139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62675142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1478002866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1540678008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62675142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1478002866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1540678008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62675142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1478002866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1540678008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.357725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.357179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.357179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1958598.187500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 701472.646417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720279.573633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1958598.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 701472.646417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720279.573633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1958598.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 701472.646417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720279.573633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         3577                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.901885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         154591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         5625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        27.482844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.031221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    15.337214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1198.887555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         828.645895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.007489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.585394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.404612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  4811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1500                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1500                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   4814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4813                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  4814                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                3571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 3577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3541                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                3577                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75762488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3330506378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3406268866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7713656                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7713656                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75762488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3338220034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     3413982522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75762488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3338220034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    3413982522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              8382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               8391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              8391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.426032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.426290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.426290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2104513.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 942151.733522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953869.746850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1285609.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1285609.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2104513.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 942733.700650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954426.201286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2104513.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 942733.700650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954426.201286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                617                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     617                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            3577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           3577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72601688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3020133378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3092735066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7186856                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7186856                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72601688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3027320234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3099921922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72601688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3027320234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3099921922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2016713.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 854351.733522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866069.746850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1197809.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1197809.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2016713.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 854933.700650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866626.201286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2016713.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 854933.700650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866626.201286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         1331                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.550841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         158731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        46.975732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.040338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.466215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   621.464817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1370.579470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.013900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.303450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.669228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1012                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                1012                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3121                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3123                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                1331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 1331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1291                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                1331                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70971905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1091680688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1162652593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70971905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1091680688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1162652593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70971905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1091680688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1162652593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              4436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1012                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            1012                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               4454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              4454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1774297.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845608.588691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873518.101427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1774297.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845608.588691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 873518.101427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1774297.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845608.588691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 873518.101427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                570                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     570                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            1330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67459372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    978275430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1045734802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67459372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    978275430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1045734802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67459372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    978275430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1045734802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1686484.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 758353.046512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786266.768421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1686484.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 758353.046512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786266.768421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1686484.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 758353.046512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786266.768421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         3586                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.898673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         154581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         5634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        27.437167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.009335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.462203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1202.024166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         826.402969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.007062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.586926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.403517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  4801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1500                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1500                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   4804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4803                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  4804                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                3580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 3586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3551                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                3586                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69009202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3388686634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3457695836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7860937                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7860937                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69009202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3396547571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     3465556773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69009202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3396547571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    3465556773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              8381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               8390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              8390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.424805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.427157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.425066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.427414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.425066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.427414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1971691.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 955905.961636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 965836.825698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1310156.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1310156.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1971691.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 956504.525767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 966412.931679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1971691.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 956504.525767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 966412.931679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                620                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     620                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            3586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           3586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65936165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3077394062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3143330227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7334137                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7334137                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65936165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3084728199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3150664364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65936165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3084728199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3150664364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.424805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.425066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.425066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1883890.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 868094.234697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878025.203073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1222356.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1222356.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1883890.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 868692.818643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878601.328500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1883890.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 868692.818643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878601.328500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         3369                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.575143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         123698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         5417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        22.835149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.156575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.963142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   931.571472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1083.883954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.454869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.529240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  4024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            863                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 863                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   4034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4033                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  4034                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                3366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 3371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3337                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                3371                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65438240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3066845757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3132283997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7090079                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7090079                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65438240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3073935836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     3139374076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65438240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3073935836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    3139374076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              7390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          863                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             863                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               7405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              7405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.455233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.455233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1924654.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 920421.895858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930565.655674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1418015.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1418015.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1924654.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 921167.466587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 931288.660931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1924654.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 921167.466587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 931288.660931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                510                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     510                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            3371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           3371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62452074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2774450825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2836902899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6651079                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6651079                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62452074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2781101904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2843553978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62452074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2781101904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2843553978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1836825.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 832668.314826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842811.318776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1330215.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1330215.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1836825.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 833413.816002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843534.256304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1836825.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 833413.816002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843534.256304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         3402                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.577060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         123698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         5450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        22.696881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.165135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    20.320979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   940.651473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1074.439473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.009922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.459302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.524629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  4022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   4032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4031                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  4032                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                3397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 3402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3367                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                3402                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     98445914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3082855122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3181301036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8574450                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8574450                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     98445914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3091429572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     3189875486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     98445914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3091429572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    3189875486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              7419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               7434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              7434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2812740.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 916970.589530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936503.101560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1714890                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1714890                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2812740.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 918155.501040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 937647.115226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2812740.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 918155.501040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 937647.115226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                514                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     514                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            3402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           3402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     95360035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2786378321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2881738356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8133200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8133200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     95360035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2794511521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2889871556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     95360035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2794511521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2889871556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2724572.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 828785.937240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848318.621136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1626640                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1626640                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2724572.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829970.751708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849462.538507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2724572.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829970.751708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849462.538507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         3588                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.896791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         154584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         5636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        27.427963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.028690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.050718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1198.296944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         829.520439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.585106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.405039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  4804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1500                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                1500                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   4807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4806                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  4807                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                3582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 3588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                3588                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72563526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3369116639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3441680165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7605353                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7605353                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72563526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3376721992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     3449285518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72563526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3376721992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    3449285518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              8386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            1500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               8395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              8395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.424790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.427140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.425051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.427397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.425051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.427397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2073243.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 949849.630392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960826.400056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1267558.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1267558.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2073243.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 950386.150296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961339.330546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2073243.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 950386.150296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961339.330546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                619                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     619                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            3588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           3588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69490526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3057690039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3127180565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7078553                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7078553                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69490526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3064768592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3134259118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69490526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3064768592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3134259118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.424790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.425051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.425051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985443.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 862049.630392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873026.400056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1179758.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1179758.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985443.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 862586.150296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873539.330546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985443.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 862586.150296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873539.330546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         3581                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.897782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         154577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         5629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        27.460828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.039147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    15.277292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1197.392063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         830.189280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.007460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.584664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.405366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  4796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   4799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4798                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  4799                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                3575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 3581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3546                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                3581                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86060915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3388369999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3474430914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9870980                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9870980                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86060915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3398240979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     3484301894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86060915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3398240979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    3484301894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              8371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               8380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              8380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.427070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.427327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.427327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2458883.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 957166.666384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 971868.787133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1645163.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1645163.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2458883.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 958330.789340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 972996.898632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2458883.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 958330.789340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 972996.898632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                616                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     616                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            3581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           3581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     82984960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3077474253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3160459213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9344180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9344180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     82984960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3086818433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3169803393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     82984960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3086818433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3169803393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2370998.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 869343.009322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 884044.535105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1557363.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1557363.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2370998.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 870507.172307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885172.687238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2370998.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 870507.172307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885172.687238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         3351                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.582635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         123715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        22.914429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.172827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    20.443683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   930.664742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1084.301383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.009982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.454426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.529444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  4039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   4049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4048                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  4049                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                3346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 3351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3316                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                3351                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     80708131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3053592003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3134300134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6919369                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6919369                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     80708131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3060511372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     3141219503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     80708131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3060511372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    3141219503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              7385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               7400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              7400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.452838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.452838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2305946.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 922256.720930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936730.464435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1383873.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1383873.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2305946.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 922952.765983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 937397.643390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2305946.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 922952.765983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 937397.643390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                510                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     510                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            3351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           3351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77634957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2762861330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2840496287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6480369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6480369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77634957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2769341699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2846976656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77634957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2769341699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2846976656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2218141.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 834449.208698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848922.978781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1296073.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1296073.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2218141.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 835145.265078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849590.168905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2218141.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 835145.265078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849590.168905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         2039                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.553812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         180275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         4087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        44.109371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.747153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.565755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   855.761609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1121.479294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.011018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.417852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.547597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3841                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3842                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                2035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 2037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                2037                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67306694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1684549701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1751856395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2453687                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2453687                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67306694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1687003388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1754310082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67306694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1687003388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1754310082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              5862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               5879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              5879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.343176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1869630.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 842696.198599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860863.093366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1226843.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1226843.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1869630.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 843080.153923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 861222.426117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1869630.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 843080.153923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 861222.426117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               1142                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    1142                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            2037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           2037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64145894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1509090986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1573236880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2278087                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2278087                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64145894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1511369073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575514967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64145894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1511369073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575514967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.343176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1781830.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 754922.954477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773089.375921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1139043.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1139043.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1781830.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 755306.883058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773448.682867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1781830.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 755306.883058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773448.682867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1331                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.550418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         158735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        46.976916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.039684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    28.470367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   621.355704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1370.684664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.013902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.303396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.669280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                1013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3124                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3126                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1291                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1331                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73023785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1092618530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1165642315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73023785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1092618530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1165642315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73023785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1092618530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1165642315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              4439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            1013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               4457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              4457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.292412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.292412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1825594.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 846335.034857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 875764.323817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1825594.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 846335.034857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 875764.323817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1825594.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 846335.034857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 875764.323817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                570                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     570                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69511785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    979185580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1048697365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69511785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    979185580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1048697365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69511785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    979185580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1048697365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.292186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.292186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1737794.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 759058.589147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 788494.259398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1737794.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 759058.589147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 788494.259398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1737794.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 759058.589147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 788494.259398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2017                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.479832                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         180289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         4065                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        44.351538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          48.560961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.910012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   850.752585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1125.256274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.415407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.549442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3856                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3857                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1979                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2015                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78201896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1687221632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1765423528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2168728                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2168728                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78201896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1689390360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1767592256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78201896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1689390360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1767592256                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              5854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               5872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              5872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.343697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.343154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.343154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2172274.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 853857.101215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877447.081511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722909.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 722909.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2172274.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 853658.595250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877217.000496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2172274.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 853658.595250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877217.000496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               1134                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    1134                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75039934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1513773507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1588813441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1905328                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1905328                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75039934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1515678835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1590718769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75039934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1515678835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1590718769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2084442.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 766079.710020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789668.708250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 635109.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 635109.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2084442.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 765881.169783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789438.595037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2084442.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 765881.169783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789438.595037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              520.598485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001250709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1907144.207619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.598485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.049036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166551053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21960.845596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   228.095952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    27.904048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.891000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.109000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8585131294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8585131294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8660919966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8660919966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8660919966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8660919966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 447002.566594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447002.566594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448729.079633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448729.079633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448729.079633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448729.079633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3386935018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3386935018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395783239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395783239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395783239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395783239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463202.272702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463202.272702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463398.367767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463398.367767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463398.367767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463398.367767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              555.176660                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              915117508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1637061.731664                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.115307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.061352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.046659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.889706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1298961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1298961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1298961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1298961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1298961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1298961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82225229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82225229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82225229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82225229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82225229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82225229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1299008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1299008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1299008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1299008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1299008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1299008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1749472.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1749472.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1749472.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1749472.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1749472.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1749472.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59833916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59833916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59833916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59833916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59833916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59833916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1869809.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1869809.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1869809.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1869809.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1869809.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1869809.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5890                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              204390830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             33255.911162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   185.489681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    70.510319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.724569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.275431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1933031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1933031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       353750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       353750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          833                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          833                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2286781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2286781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2286781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2286781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        20931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        20931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9597301614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9597301614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      3136488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3136488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9600438102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9600438102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9600438102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9600438102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1953925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1953925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       353787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       353787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          833                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          833                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2307712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2307712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2307712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2307712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 459332.900067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 459332.900067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84769.945946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84769.945946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 458670.780278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 458670.780278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 458670.780278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 458670.780278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1955337353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1955337353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1955914253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1955914253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1955914253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1955914253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 332483.821289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332483.821289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 332073.727165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332073.727165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 332073.727165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332073.727165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              488.567821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              998756805                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2021774.908907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.567821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.053795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1394285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1394285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1394285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1394285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1394285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1394285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    159261634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159261634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    159261634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    159261634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    159261634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    159261634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1394338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1394338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1394338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1394338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1394338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1394338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3004936.490566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3004936.490566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3004936.490566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3004936.490566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3004936.490566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3004936.490566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2729738                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 909912.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103818177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103818177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103818177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103818177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103818177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103818177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2662004.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2662004.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2662004.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2662004.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2662004.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2662004.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4148                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              148301504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             33674.274296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   218.620010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    37.379990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.853984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.146016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1110315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       823715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       823715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2136                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2136                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1934030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1934030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1934030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1934030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        10757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        10757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2380106859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2380106859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6696037                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6696037                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2386802896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2386802896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2386802896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2386802896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1120986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1120986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       823801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       823801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1944787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1944787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1944787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1944787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 223044.406241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223044.406241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 77860.895349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77860.895349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 221883.693967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221883.693967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 221883.693967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221883.693967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        42757                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 21378.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    998430322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    998430322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1113811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1113811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    999544133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    999544133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    999544133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    999544133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 241633.669409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241633.669409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 69613.187500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69613.187500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240970.138139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240970.138139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240970.138139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240970.138139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              487.491711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              998756447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2025875.146045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    32.491711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.052070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1393927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1393927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1393927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1393927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1393927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1393927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    152225398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152225398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    152225398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    152225398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    152225398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    152225398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1393978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1393978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1393978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1393978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1393978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1393978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2984811.725490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2984811.725490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2984811.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2984811.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2984811.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2984811.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2070693                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       690231                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99451109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99451109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99451109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99451109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99451109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99451109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2617134.447368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2617134.447368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2617134.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2617134.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2617134.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2617134.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              148301184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             33620.762639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   218.593314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    37.406686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.853880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.146120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1109762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       823969                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       823969                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1933731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1933731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1933731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1933731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        10798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        10798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2399740532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2399740532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4789130                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4789130                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2404529662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2404529662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2404529662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2404529662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1120505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1120505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       824024                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       824024                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1944529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1944529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1944529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1944529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 223377.132272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223377.132272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 87075.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87075.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 222682.872939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222682.872939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 222682.872939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222682.872939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         6603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         6643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         6643                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6643                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1006825915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1006825915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1014895                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1014895                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1007840810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1007840810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1007840810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1007840810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 243194.665459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243194.665459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67659.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67659.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 242560.965102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242560.965102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 242560.965102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242560.965102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              555.711335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              915120052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1634142.950000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    29.650491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.060844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.047517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.890563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1301505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1301505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1301505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1301505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1301505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1301505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90392875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90392875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90392875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90392875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90392875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90392875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1301553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1301553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1301553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1301553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1301553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1301553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1883184.895833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1883184.895833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1883184.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1883184.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1883184.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1883184.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65827741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65827741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65827741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65827741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65827741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65827741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1994780.030303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994780.030303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1994780.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994780.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1994780.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994780.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5899                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              204393481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 6155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             33207.714216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   185.570039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    70.429961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.724883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.275117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1935038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1935038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       354393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       354393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          833                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          833                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          830                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          830                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2289431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        2289431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2289431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       2289431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        20986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        20986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9410982543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9410982543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3167830                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3167830                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9414150373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9414150373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9414150373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9414150373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1955987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1955987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       354430                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       354430                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          833                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          833                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          830                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          830                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2310417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2310417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2310417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2310417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 449233.020335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449233.020335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 85617.027027                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85617.027027                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 448591.936196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448591.936196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 448591.936196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448591.936196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15087                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15087                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1928505285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1928505285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1929082185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1929082185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1929082185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1929082185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 327420.252122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327420.252122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 327018.509069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327018.509069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 327018.509069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327018.509069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              569.532089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1026179272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1769274.606897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.122440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.409649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.045068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.867644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1237946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1237946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1237946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1237946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1237946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1237946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103358736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103358736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103358736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103358736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103358736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103358736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1238006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1238006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1238006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1722645.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1722645.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1722645.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1722645.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1722645.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1722645.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76138185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76138185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76138185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76138185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76138185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76138185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2057788.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2057788.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2057788.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2057788.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2057788.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2057788.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 8354                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              404541502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 8610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             46985.075726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.137287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.862713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.434130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.565870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3232618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3232618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1769100                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1769100                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          871                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          871                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      5001718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        5001718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      5001718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       5001718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        30528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        30528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14115166330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14115166330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     26682364                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26682364                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14141848694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14141848694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14141848694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14141848694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3263116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3263116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1769130                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1769130                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          871                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          871                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      5032246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5032246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      5032246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5032246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 462822.687717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 462822.687717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 889412.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889412.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 463241.899044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 463241.899044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 463241.899044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 463241.899044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        22153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        22174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        22174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3688488638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3688488638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7955756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7955756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3696444394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3696444394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3696444394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3696444394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 441999.836788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 441999.836788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 883972.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883972.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442475.986833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 442475.986833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442475.986833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 442475.986833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              508.812209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              995620612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1925765.206963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.812209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.054186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1357510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1357510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1357510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1357510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1357510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1357510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87463150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87463150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87463150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87463150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87463150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87463150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1357565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1357565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1357565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1357565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1357565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1357565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1590239.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1590239.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1590239.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1590239.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1590239.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1590239.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       324947                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       324947                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71448102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71448102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71448102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71448102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71448102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71448102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1701145.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1701145.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1701145.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1701145.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1701145.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1701145.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 4412                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              151944069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             32550.143316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   223.758576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    32.241424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.874057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.125943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       933010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        933010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       784323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       784323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1888                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1888                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1717333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1717333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1717333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1717333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        14008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        14114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        14114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        14114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        14114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4812314368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4812314368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8789962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8789962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4821104330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4821104330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4821104330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4821104330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       947018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       947018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       784429                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       784429                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1888                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1888                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1731447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1731447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.014792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 343540.431753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 343540.431753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 82924.169811                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82924.169811                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 341583.132351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 341583.132351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 341583.132351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 341583.132351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1012                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1012                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1304558810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1304558810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1185677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1185677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1305744487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305744487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1305744487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305744487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 296895.496131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296895.496131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65870.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65870.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 295952.966228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295952.966228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 295952.966228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295952.966228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              569.091302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1026177494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1772327.278066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    27.681173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.410129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.044361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1236168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1236168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1236168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1236168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1236168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1236168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98067116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98067116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98067116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98067116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98067116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98067116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1236219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1236219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1236219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1236219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1236219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1236219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1922884.627451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1922884.627451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1922884.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1922884.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1922884.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1922884.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69365294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69365294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69365294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69365294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69365294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69365294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1926813.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1926813.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1926813.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1926813.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1926813.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1926813.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 8354                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              404531454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 8610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             46983.908711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.132521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.867479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.434111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.565889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3226184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3226184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1765491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1765491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4991675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4991675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4991675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4991675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        30437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        30467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        30467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        30467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        30467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14225493515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14225493515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     26737207                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26737207                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14252230722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14252230722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14252230722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14252230722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3256621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3256621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1765521                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1765521                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      5022142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5022142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      5022142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5022142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 467375.021027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 467375.021027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 891240.233333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 891240.233333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 467792.389208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 467792.389208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 467792.389208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 467792.389208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        22092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        22113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        22113                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22113                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3746246910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3746246910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8103037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8103037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3754349947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3754349947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3754349947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3754349947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 448921.139605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448921.139605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 900337.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900337.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449407.463131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449407.463131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449407.463131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449407.463131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              520.975093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1001251400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1907145.523810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.975093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.049640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1243351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1243351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1243351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1243351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1243351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100973192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100973192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100973192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100973192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100973192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100973192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1243405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1243405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1243405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1869873.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1869873.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1869873.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1869873.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1869873.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1869873.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65807774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65807774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65807774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65807774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65807774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65807774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1880222.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1880222.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1880222.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1880222.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1880222.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1880222.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7368                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              166551775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             21845.720750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   228.085729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    27.914271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.890960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.109040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       859710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       710866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2039                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2039                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1570576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1570576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        19358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        19358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8499599829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8499599829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     65869970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     65869970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8565469799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8565469799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8565469799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8565469799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       878977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       710957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2039                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2039                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1589934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1589934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 441148.068148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441148.068148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 723845.824176                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 723845.824176                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 442477.001705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442477.001705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 442477.001705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442477.001705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11988                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11988                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3359151154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3359151154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7772579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7772579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3366923733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3366923733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3366923733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3366923733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 456716.676275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456716.676275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 518171.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518171.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 456841.754817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456841.754817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 456841.754817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456841.754817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              521.948737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001251699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1903520.340304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.948737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.051200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1243650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1243650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1243650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1243650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1243650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162142542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162142542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162142542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162142542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162142542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162142542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1243710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1243710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1243710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2702375.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2702375.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2702375.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2702375.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2702375.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2702375.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       743970                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       743970                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     98819180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98819180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     98819180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98819180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     98819180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98819180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2744977.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2744977.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2744977.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2744977.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2744977.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2744977.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              166552313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 7654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             21760.166318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   228.148575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    27.851425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.891205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.108795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       860202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       710900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2048                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2048                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1571102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1571102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1571102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1571102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8627726223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8627726223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     79680362                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79680362                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8707406585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8707406585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8707406585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8707406585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       879607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       710987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2048                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2048                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1590594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1590594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1590594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1590594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 444613.564700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444613.564700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 915866.229885                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 915866.229885                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 446716.939514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446716.939514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 446716.939514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446716.939514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12094                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12094                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3375109020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3375109020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9256950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9256950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3384365970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3384365970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3384365970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3384365970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457146.013816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457146.013816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       617130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       617130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457470.393350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457470.393350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457470.393350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457470.393350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              569.467921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1026178289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1772328.651123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.057774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.410146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.044964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1236963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1236963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1236963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1236963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1236963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1236963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97498326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97498326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97498326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97498326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97498326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97498326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1237015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1237015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1237015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1237015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1237015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1237015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1874967.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1874967.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1874967.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1874967.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1874967.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1874967.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       619032                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       619032                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72919570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72919570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72919570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72919570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72919570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72919570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2025543.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2025543.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2025543.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2025543.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2025543.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2025543.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 8359                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              404539438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 8615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             46957.566802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.131664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.868336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.434108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.565892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3231275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3231275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1768385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1768385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4999660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4999660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4999660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4999660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        30487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        30487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14211776516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14211776516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     26274114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26274114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14238050630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14238050630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14238050630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14238050630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3261732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3261732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1768415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1768415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      5030147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5030147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      5030147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5030147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 466617.740290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466617.740290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 875803.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 875803.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 467020.390002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 467020.390002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 467020.390002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 467020.390002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        22107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        22128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        22128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3726731598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3726731598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7847453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7847453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3734579051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3734579051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3734579051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3734579051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446315.161437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446315.161437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 871939.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871939.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446773.423974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446773.423974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446773.423974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446773.423974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              569.430885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1026175983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1772324.668394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.019801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.411084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.044904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1234657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1234657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1234657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1234657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1234657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1234657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    116902774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116902774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    116902774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    116902774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    116902774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    116902774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1234715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1234715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1234715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1234715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1234715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1234715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2015565.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2015565.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2015565.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2015565.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2015565.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2015565.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86419444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86419444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86419444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86419444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86419444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86419444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2400540.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2400540.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2400540.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2400540.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2400540.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2400540.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 8344                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              404529642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 8600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             47038.330465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.126682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.873318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.434089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.565911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3224918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3224918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1764947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1764947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4989865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4989865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4989865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4989865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        30376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        30406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        30406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        30406                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        30406                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14327093532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14327093532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35297424                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35297424                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14362390956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14362390956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14362390956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14362390956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3255294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3255294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1764977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1764977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5020271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5020271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5020271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5020271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 471658.333289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 471658.333289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1176580.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1176580.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 472353.843189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 472353.843189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 472353.843189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 472353.843189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        22041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        22062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        22062                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22062                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3745467195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3745467195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10113250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10113250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3755580445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3755580445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3755580445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3755580445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449366.190162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449366.190162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1123694.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1123694.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 450093.533677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450093.533677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 450093.533677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450093.533677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              522.147134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001252280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1903521.444867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    32.147134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.051518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1244231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1244231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1244231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1244231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1244231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    143976835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143976835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    143976835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    143976835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    143976835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    143976835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1244294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1244294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1244294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2285346.587302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2285346.587302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2285346.587302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2285346.587302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2285346.587302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2285346.587302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81078866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81078866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81078866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81078866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81078866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81078866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2252190.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2252190.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2252190.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2252190.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2252190.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2252190.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7364                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              166552079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 7620                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             21857.228215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   228.184720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    27.815280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.891347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.108653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       859967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       710887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2063                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2063                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1570854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1570854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        19442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        19442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8561760329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8561760329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     65397244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     65397244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8627157573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8627157573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8627157573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8627157573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       879316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       710980                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710980                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2063                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2063                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1590296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1590296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1590296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1590296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 442491.101814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442491.101814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 703196.172043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 703196.172043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 443738.173696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443738.173696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 443738.173696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443738.173696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12078                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12078                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3346687262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3346687262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7601869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7601869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3354289131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3354289131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3354289131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3354289131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 455393.558579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455393.558579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 506791.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 506791.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 455498.252444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455498.252444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 455498.252444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455498.252444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              512.444437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              996849832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1920712.585742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.444437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.048789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1287386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1287386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1287386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1287386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1287386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1287386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91322843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91322843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91322843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91322843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91322843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91322843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1287434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1287434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1287434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1287434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1287434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1287434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1902559.229167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1902559.229167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1902559.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1902559.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1902559.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1902559.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67689551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67689551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67689551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67689551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67689551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67689551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1829447.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1829447.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1829447.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1829447.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1829447.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1829447.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5841                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              157769993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             25876.659505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   226.850195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    29.149805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.886134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.113866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       906047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        906047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       765556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       765556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1671603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1671603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1671603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1671603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        20855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        20855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8230046143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8230046143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    516741810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    516741810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8746787953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8746787953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8746787953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8746787953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       926223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       926223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       766235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       766235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1692458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1692458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1692458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1692458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 407912.675605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 407912.675605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761033.593520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 761033.593520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 419409.635723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 419409.635723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 419409.635723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 419409.635723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6507717                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 650771.700000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1952852733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1952852733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      3446744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3446744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1956299477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956299477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1956299477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956299477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335253.688069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335253.688069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 202749.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202749.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334868.106299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334868.106299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334868.106299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334868.106299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              508.813625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              995620926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1925765.814313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    33.813625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.054189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1357824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1357824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1357824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1357824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1357824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1357824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     93934374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93934374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     93934374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93934374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     93934374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93934374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1357883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1357883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1357883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1357883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1357883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1357883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1592108.033898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1592108.033898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1592108.033898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1592108.033898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1592108.033898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1592108.033898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323992                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323992                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73502439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73502439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73502439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73502439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73502439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73502439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1750058.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750058.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1750058.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750058.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1750058.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750058.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              151944511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             32529.332263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   223.787821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    32.212179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.874171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.125829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       933251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        933251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       784519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       784519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1717770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1717770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1717770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1717770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        14124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        14124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4781769089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4781769089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8795762                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8795762                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4790564851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4790564851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4790564851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4790564851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       947269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       947269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       784625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       784625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1731894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1731894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.014798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 341116.356756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341116.356756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 82978.886792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82978.886792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 339179.046375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339179.046375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 339179.046375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339179.046375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9709                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9709                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1305700018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305700018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1186454                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1186454                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1306886472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1306886472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1306886472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1306886472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 296952.471685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296952.471685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 65914.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65914.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 296010.525934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296010.525934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 296010.525934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296010.525934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              512.706790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              996848133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1920709.312139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    30.706790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.049210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1285687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1285687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1285687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1285687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1285687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1285687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102581575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102581575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102581575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102581575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102581575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102581575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1285738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1285738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1285738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1285738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1285738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1285738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2011403.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2011403.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2011403.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2011403.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2011403.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2011403.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78570346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78570346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78570346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78570346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78570346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78570346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2123522.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2123522.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2123522.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2123522.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2123522.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2123522.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5834                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              157767844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6090                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             25906.049918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   226.824206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    29.175794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.886032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.113968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       904772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        904772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       764655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       764655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1669427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1669427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1669427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1669427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          699                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          699                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        20767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        20767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8303283002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8303283002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    443655019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    443655019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8746938021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8746938021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8746938021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8746938021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       924840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       924840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       765354                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       765354                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1690194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1690194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1690194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1690194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000913                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000913                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 413757.375025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 413757.375025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 634699.597997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 634699.597997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 421194.107045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 421194.107045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 421194.107045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 421194.107045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4634706                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets            11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 421336.909091                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1956306609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956306609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3165432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3165432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1959472041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1959472041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1959472041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1959472041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 336308.511088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336308.511088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 175857.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175857.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 335813.546015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335813.546015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 335813.546015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335813.546015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
