
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.009424                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9423604941                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               522032807829                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 401622                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   513114                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 243724                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67611336                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 38665.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15528707908                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19839552175                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       414592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       240896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       169984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       171008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       226304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       242560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       416768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       168192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       231680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       137088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       420736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       338048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       240896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       168704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       338304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       226304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4223744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1202048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1202048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2641                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 32998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9391                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9391                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       488985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     43995053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       407487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     25563041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       543316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     18038108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       529734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     18146771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       461819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     24014589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       407487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     25739619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       516151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     44225963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       529734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     17847947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       448236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     24585071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       475402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     14547299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       502568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     44647033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       488985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     35872472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       353156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     25563041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       529734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17902278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       475402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     35899637                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       448236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     24014589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               448208942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       488985                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       407487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       543316                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       529734                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       461819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       407487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       516151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       529734                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       448236                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       475402                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       502568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       488985                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       353156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       529734                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       475402                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       448236                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7606431                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         127557130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              127557130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         127557130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       488985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     43995053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       407487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     25563041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       543316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     18038108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       529734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     18146771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       461819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     24014589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       407487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     25739619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       516151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     44225963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       529734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     17847947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       448236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     24585071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       475402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     14547299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       502568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     44647033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       488985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     35872472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       353156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     25563041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       529734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17902278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       475402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     35899637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       448236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     24014589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              575766072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               22598574                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1757817                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1585882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93873                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       653680                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         626485                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96945                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4181                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18626685                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11058946                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1757817                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       723430                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2185537                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        295288                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       440843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1070872                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94188                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     21452154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       19266617     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          77496      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         160073      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          66642      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         361821      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         322810      1.50%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62787      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         131569      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1002339      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     21452154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077784                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.489365                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18518869                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       550079                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2177245                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7107                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       198848                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154342                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          241                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12966905                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1477                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       198848                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18538730                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        392690                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        96847                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2165935                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        59098                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12959122                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        21652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          344                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15222631                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61034877                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61034877                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1749894                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1508                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          764                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          150830                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3055017                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544464                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14052                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        75352                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12932823                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1512                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12425705                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6983                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1014941                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2439015                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21452154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17037858     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1321903      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1084640      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       468595      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       594744      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       574991      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327399      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25780      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16244      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21452154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31450     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244755     86.37%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7160      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7798045     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108415      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977880     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540621     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12425705                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.549845                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283365                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022805                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46593912                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13949621                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12317329                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12709070                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22221                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120674                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          347                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10149                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1101                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       198848                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        359960                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16424                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12934344                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          150                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3055017                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544464                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          764                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11114                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          347                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54044                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55859                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       109903                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12337394                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2967456                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88311                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4507912                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1615789                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540456                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.545937                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12317781                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12317329                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6653857                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13117711                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.545049                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507242                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1184077                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        95702                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21253306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16992236     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1554773      7.32%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730256      3.44%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720705      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195727      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       838158      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62773      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45709      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       112969      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21253306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934343                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551996                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449671                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       112969                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           34075839                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26069939                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                409814                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1146420                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751451                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.259857                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.259857                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.442506                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.442506                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60985637                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14309395                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15433676                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               22598574                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1703541                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1529313                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135816                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1152966                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1135608                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96988                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4022                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18143579                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              9696355                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1703541                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1232596                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2163150                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        451389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       273699                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1097764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       132999                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     20895276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       18732126     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         338880      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         160797      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         334284      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          98316      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         310707      1.49%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          46156      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          73980      0.35%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         800030      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     20895276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075383                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.429069                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       17866694                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       554932                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2158713                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1808                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       313125                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       153208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1723                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     10785566                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4220                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       313125                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       17897537                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        351301                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       111859                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2131308                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        90142                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     10768475                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         8487                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        75322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     14051300                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     48707191                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     48707191                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     11335787                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2715494                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1376                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          699                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          183328                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1999572                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       300809                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2657                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        68365                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         10713394                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1381                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        10013089                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6415                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1979309                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4064606                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20895276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16494898     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1366122      6.54%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1500590      7.18%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       864458      4.14%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       431555      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       107745      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124409      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2978      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2521      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20895276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         15981     56.69%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6786     24.07%     80.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5422     19.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7816010     78.06%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74790      0.75%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          678      0.01%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1823650     18.21%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       297961      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     10013089                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.443085                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28189                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002815                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40956058                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12694115                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9757404                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     10041278                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7739                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       413412                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8181                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       313125                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        223283                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11087                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10714784                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1363                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1999572                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300809                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          698                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3626                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          247                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91177                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52271                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       143448                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9890845                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1799412                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       122244                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2097338                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1508611                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           297926                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.437676                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              9759931                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             9757404                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         5917475                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        12651725                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.431771                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.467721                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7790427                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      8721197                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1994037                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1367                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       134796                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20582151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17361032     84.35%     84.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1247417      6.06%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       819349      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254597      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       433996      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80527      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51550      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46092      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       287591      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20582151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      7790427                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      8721197                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1878783                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1586155                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1342985                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         7606087                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       104197                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       287591                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           31009768                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          21743866                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                408251                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1703298                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           7790427                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             8721197                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      7790427                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.900813                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.900813                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.344731                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.344731                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       46060080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      12660619                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      11544890                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1366                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               22598574                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1864165                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1525243                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184105                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       762122                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         731024                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191675                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8298                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17933314                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10425798                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1864165                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       922699                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2174298                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        504966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       421534                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1099268                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184174                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     20847633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       18673335     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         100906      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         160105      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         217390      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         224082      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         189489      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         106092      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         158591      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1017643      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     20847633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082490                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461348                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       17750807                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       605846                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2170142                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2574                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       318261                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       306748                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12793102                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1334                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       318261                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       17799352                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        129065                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       365542                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2124889                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       110521                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12788481                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        14994                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        48228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     17843368                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     59489396                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     59489396                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     15422163                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2421205                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3137                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1620                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          332634                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1198379                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       647530                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7551                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       214662                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12772701                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3149                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12112951                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1842                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1443589                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3470133                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           90                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20847633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15678460     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2159651     10.36%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1083407      5.20%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       790860      3.79%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       623979      2.99%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255814      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160523      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        83730      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11209      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20847633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2567     12.57%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7806     38.24%     50.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10042     49.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10188087     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180875      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1516      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1097225      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645248      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12112951                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.536005                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20415                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001685                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45095792                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14219496                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11928757                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12133366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24445                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       196546                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           58                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10219                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       318261                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        103407                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11422                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12775871                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1198379                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       647530                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1621                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9713                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           58                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106278                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104220                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       210498                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11944009                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1031689                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168942                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1676863                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1696399                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           645174                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.528529                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             11928887                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            11928757                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6848803                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        18460694                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.527854                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.370994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8990139                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11062036                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1713842                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3059                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       186211                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20529372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15952701     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2287925     11.14%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       846403      4.12%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       403615      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       364470      1.78%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196373      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       157098      0.77%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78169      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242618      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20529372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8990139                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11062036                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1639144                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1001833                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1526                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1595133                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         9966744                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       227760                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       242618                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           33062567                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          25870030                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                273902                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1750941                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8990139                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11062036                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8990139                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.513707                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.513707                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.397819                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.397819                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       53748958                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      16618419                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      11855935                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3056                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               22598574                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1864675                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1526107                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183770                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       761801                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         730726                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191599                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8319                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17926998                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             10427339                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1864675                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       922325                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2174120                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        503897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       423118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1098618                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       183786                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     20841990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       18667870     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         100644      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         160038      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         217007      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         224358      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         189836      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         105984      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         158243      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1018010      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     20841990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082513                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461416                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       17744308                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       607638                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2170008                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2504                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       317529                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       306364                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12794217                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1334                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       317529                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       17793263                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        130071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       365563                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2124211                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       111350                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12789235                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        15048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        48569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     17845264                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     59491341                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     59491341                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     15426185                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2419053                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3167                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1649                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          334545                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1198109                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       647453                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7542                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       214176                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12773453                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3178                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12112647                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1826                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1442042                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3468685                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20841990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15672673     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2160270     10.36%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1083913      5.20%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       788871      3.79%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       624751      3.00%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255991      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160611      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        83967      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10943      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20841990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2560     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7786     38.18%     50.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10048     49.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10188210     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180963      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1516      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1096717      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645241      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12112647                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.535992                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20394                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001684                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45089504                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14218730                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11929779                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12133041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25251                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       196029                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9989                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       317529                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        104743                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11344                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12776653                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1198109                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       647453                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1651                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9610                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105954                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104405                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       210359                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11945092                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1032067                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167555                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1677249                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1696233                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           645182                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.528577                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             11929899                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            11929779                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6849208                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        18461534                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527900                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370999                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8992443                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11064870                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1711791                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3058                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       185877                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20524461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15946699     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2288605     11.15%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       846527      4.12%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       403727      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       364626      1.78%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196215      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       157135      0.77%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        77775      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243152      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20524461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      8992443                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11064870                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1639544                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1002080                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1526                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1595540                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         9969285                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       227814                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       243152                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           33057905                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          25870875                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                273668                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1756584                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           8992443                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11064870                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      8992443                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.513063                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.513063                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.397921                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.397921                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       53755297                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      16620104                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      11857729                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3054                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               22598574                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1835850                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1505367                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182257                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       773795                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         716943                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187798                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8050                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17557879                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             10436747                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1835850                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       904741                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2296669                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        516869                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       577407                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1083269                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       180836                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     20763646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       18466977     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         248929      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         287857      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         157883      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         183233      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         100645      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          68105      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         176454      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1073563      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     20763646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081237                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461832                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       17416061                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       722360                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2278187                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        17250                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       329785                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       297772                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1907                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     12742458                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        10030                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       329785                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       17443229                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        223484                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       422454                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2269273                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        75418                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     12733870                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        18910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        35622                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     17694872                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     59290987                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     59290987                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15093935                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2600936                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3317                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1846                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          204635                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1221001                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       662216                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17444                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       146115                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         12712571                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12009037                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17060                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1599020                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3705018                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          363                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20763646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15701890     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2036866      9.81%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1094757      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756764      3.64%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       660639      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338569      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81769      0.39%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52786      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39606      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20763646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3002     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11726     44.24%     55.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11776     44.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10050710     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187631      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1469      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1112244      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656983      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12009037                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531407                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26504                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002207                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44825284                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14315048                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11806808                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12035541                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30317                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       220753                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          131                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14988                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          734                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       329785                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        181509                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12163                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12715922                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1221001                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       662216                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1848                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8556                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          131                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105641                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       102359                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       208000                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11830052                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1044134                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1700895                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1655110                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           656761                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523487                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             11807101                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            11806808                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7018339                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        18383631                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522458                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381771                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8864571                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     10874809                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1841250                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2965                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       183189                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20433861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15991253     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2060681     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       863944      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       517329      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359259      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231776      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120761      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        97093      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191765      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20433861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      8864571                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     10874809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1647476                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1000248                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1556224                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         9804063                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       221144                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       191765                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           32958090                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          25761917                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                271128                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1834928                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           8864571                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            10874809                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      8864571                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.549314                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.549314                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392262                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392262                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       53364432                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      16388705                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      11890082                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         2960                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               22598574                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1703099                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1528920                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135862                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1153490                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1135800                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96899                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         3965                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18142262                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              9691242                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1703099                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1232699                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2161872                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        451441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       272607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1097722                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       133049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     20891595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       18729723     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         338306      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         160940      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         333631      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          98216      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         310624      1.49%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          46355      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          74273      0.36%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         799527      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     20891595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075363                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.428843                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       17870563                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       548666                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2157499                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1733                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       313130                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       153424                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1725                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     10781643                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4224                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       313130                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       17900968                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        347117                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       111224                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2130175                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        88977                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     10764149                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         8232                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        74366                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     14045237                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     48684387                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     48684387                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     11330646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2714581                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1384                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          707                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          181276                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1997513                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       300264                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2692                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        68299                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         10707787                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1390                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        10008068                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6415                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1978453                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4061011                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20891595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16491952     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1367418      6.55%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1500168      7.18%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       863353      4.13%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       431142      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       107591      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124527      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2982      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2462      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20891595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16110     56.94%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6774     23.94%     80.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5411     19.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7812933     78.07%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74764      0.75%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          678      0.01%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1822219     18.21%     97.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       297474      2.97%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     10008068                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.442863                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28295                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002827                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40942441                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12687661                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9752990                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     10036363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7069                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       412659                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7637                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       313130                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        221813                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10903                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10709182                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          380                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1997513                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300264                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          706                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3589                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          242                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91730                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        51852                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       143582                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9886131                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1797705                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       121937                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2095151                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1507536                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           297446                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.437467                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              9755215                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             9752990                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         5913984                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        12646829                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.431575                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.467626                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7786071                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      8716841                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1992812                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       134842                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20578465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17357624     84.35%     84.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1248051      6.06%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       819148      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254244      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       433920      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80999      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51222      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46301      0.22%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286956      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20578465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      7786071                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      8716841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1877477                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1584850                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1342262                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         7602452                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       104196                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       286956                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           31001136                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          21732709                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                408544                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1706979                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           7786071                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             8716841                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      7786071                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.902436                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.902436                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.344538                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.344538                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       46036250                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      12656191                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      11537907                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               22598574                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1758078                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1586223                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94402                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       652559                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627213                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96725                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4162                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18619729                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11054264                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1758078                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       723938                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2185399                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        296892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       444606                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1070940                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94694                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     21449902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       19264503     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          77603      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         160084      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          66553      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         363106      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         322797      1.50%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          62680      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         131161      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1001415      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     21449902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077796                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.489158                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       18511352                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       554438                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2177062                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         7129                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       199915                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       154317                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12960825                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1449                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       199915                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       18531404                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        395930                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        97577                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2165603                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        59467                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12952878                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        24852                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        21709                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          422                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     15215030                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     61001088                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     61001088                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     13456351                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        1758667                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1510                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          767                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          151728                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      3053247                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      1543222                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        13971                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        76352                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12925929                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1514                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12416317                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6699                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1018078                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2445696                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21449902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376370                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17038951     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1321256      6.16%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1083576      5.05%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       467387      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       594938      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       574839      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327100      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25639      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16216      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21449902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31395     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244678     86.39%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7166      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7792530     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108215      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          742      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2975396     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1539434     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12416317                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.549429                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283239                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022812                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46572474                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13945874                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12308290                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12699556                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22079                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120991                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          355                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10090                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1100                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       199915                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        363074                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16652                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12927458                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          179                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3053247                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1543222                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11255                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          355                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54360                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56102                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       110462                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12327988                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2965130                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88329                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            4504428                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1614709                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          1539298                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.545521                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12308766                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12308290                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6647640                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        13103895                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.544649                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507303                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9989343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11738661                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190011                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1494                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        96237                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21249987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16993437     79.97%     79.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1553862      7.31%     87.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       728779      3.43%     90.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       719775      3.39%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195389      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       837447      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62791      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45677      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       112830      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21249987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9989343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11738661                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              4465381                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             2932249                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               746                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1550247                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10438216                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       113612                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       112830                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           34065803                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          26057304                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                410101                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1148672                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9989343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11738661                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9989343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.262268                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.262268                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.442034                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.442034                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       60940503                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      14298586                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15426089                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1492                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               22598574                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1863227                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1524866                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184023                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       765509                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732081                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191680                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8343                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17933025                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10418319                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1863227                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       923761                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2173533                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        503488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       421075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1099061                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184071                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     20844718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       18671185     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         100986      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         160652      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         217209      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         223908      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         189480      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         106138      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         158798      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1016362      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     20844718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082449                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461017                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       17750929                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       604970                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2169391                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2568                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       316857                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       306154                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          230                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     12784725                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       316857                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       17799730                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        127312                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       365947                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2123858                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       111011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     12779650                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        15056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        48452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     17830575                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     59449212                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     59449212                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     15423805                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2406770                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1629                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          333204                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1197922                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       647153                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7670                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       239328                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         12763895                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12107897                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1436973                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3447491                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          100                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20844718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15656095     75.11%     75.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2185591     10.49%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090415      5.23%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       781298      3.75%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       619918      2.97%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       256519      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159857      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        84027      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10998      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20844718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2523     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7717     38.07%     50.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10032     49.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10183810     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180880      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1516      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1096711      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       644980      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12107897                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.535781                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20272                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45082604                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14204090                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11925208                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12128169                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       196002                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9792                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       316857                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        102095                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11261                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12767077                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          553                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1197922                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       647153                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1631                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9547                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106630                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103838                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       210468                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11940502                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1031929                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167395                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1676850                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1695649                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           644921                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.528374                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             11925327                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            11925208                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6847315                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        18456330                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527697                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371001                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8991061                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11063157                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1703929                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3058                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       186130                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20527861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15934848     77.63%     77.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2303529     11.22%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       844519      4.11%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       404350      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       374290      1.82%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       197093      0.96%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       150235      0.73%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78471      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       240526      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20527861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      8991061                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11063157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1639281                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1001920                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1526                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1595310                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         9967732                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       227779                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       240526                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           33054356                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          25851045                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                274064                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1753856                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           8991061                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11063157                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      8991061                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.513449                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.513449                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.397860                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.397860                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       53736317                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16613061                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      11848369                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3054                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               22598574                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1834167                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1503655                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182308                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       773204                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         717019                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187596                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8036                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17552529                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10431677                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1834167                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       904615                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2294805                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        515882                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       576699                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1083139                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       180913                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     20754710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       18459905     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         247620      1.19%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         287450      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         158024      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         183982      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         100319      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          68330      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         177960      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1071120      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     20754710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081163                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461608                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       17410989                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       721232                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2276674                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        17038                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       328774                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       297868                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         1903                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12735245                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         9904                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       328774                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       17437387                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        231936                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       413369                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2268349                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        74892                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12726876                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        19117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        35298                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     17685731                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     59259914                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     59259914                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15091395                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2594325                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3298                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1829                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          201737                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1217030                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       662260                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17589                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       146421                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12707821                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3301                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12007202                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16635                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1593651                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3683676                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          336                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20754710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15693785     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2037279      9.82%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1092324      5.26%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       757807      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661705      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338024      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81334      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52706      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39746      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20754710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2994     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11495     43.91%     55.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11690     44.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10051177     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187665      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1468      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1109765      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       657127      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12007202                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.531326                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26179                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002180                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44811928                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14304906                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11807328                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12033381                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30396                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216957                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           72                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          135                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15145                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          734                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       328774                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        188595                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12455                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12711145                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           34                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1217030                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       662260                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1821                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8656                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          135                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105684                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       102216                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       207900                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11829330                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1042456                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       177872                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1699387                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1654534                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           656931                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523455                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             11807576                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            11807328                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7017170                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        18384702                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522481                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381685                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8863066                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     10872972                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1838288                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2965                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       183216                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20425936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15984028     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2059885     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       863859      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       517866      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359166      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231696      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       121043      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96775      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191618      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20425936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8863066                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     10872972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1647185                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1000070                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1555952                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         9802426                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       221113                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       191618                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           32945513                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          25751319                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                271118                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1843864                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8863066                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            10872972                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8863066                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.549747                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.549747                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.392196                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.392196                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       53361191                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      16387339                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      11884760                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         2960                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               22598574                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2046949                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1704289                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187799                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       775493                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         746003                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         219731                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8723                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17797991                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11232381                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2046949                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       965734                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2339685                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        524619                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       604729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1106938                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179482                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     21077514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       18737829     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         142961      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         179539      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         287877      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         121239      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         154507      0.73%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         181254      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          83053      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1189255      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     21077514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090579                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.497039                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       17692489                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       720605                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2328398                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1184                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       334830                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       311361                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13729211                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1598                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       334830                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       17710974                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         58125                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       611882                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2311098                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        50598                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13644222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         7391                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        35013                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19054280                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     63443661                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     63443661                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     15901196                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3153079                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3288                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1710                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          178304                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1279509                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       667417                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7589                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       152362                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13318593                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3301                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12762272                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13604                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1641984                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3365632                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21077514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15670758     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2465878     11.70%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1007304      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       565382      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       765855      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       236346      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       231392      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124654      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9945      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21077514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88356     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12094     10.81%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11404     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10751262     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       174272      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1577      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1170117      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665044      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12762272                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.564738                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            111854                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008764                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46727515                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14963955                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12428226                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12874126                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9522                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245988                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           79                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10543                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       334830                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         44387                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5500                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13321899                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10097                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1279509                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       667417                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1711                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4743                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           79                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110373                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106138                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       216511                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12539286                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1150706                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       222985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1815610                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1772545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           664904                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.554871                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12428333                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12428226                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7445024                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20004560                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.549956                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372166                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9251242                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11399660                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1922290                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       189178                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20742684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15915845     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2446594     11.79%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889415      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       442040      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404102      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169653      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168462      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79913      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226660      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20742684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9251242                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11399660                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1690389                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1033519                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1652197                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10263571                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       235422                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       226660                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           33837909                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          26978754                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                272414                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1521060                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9251242                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11399660                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9251242                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.442761                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.442761                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.409373                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.409373                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       56418843                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      17365777                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12695465                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               22598574                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1757578                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1585800                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93908                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       652231                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         626483                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96945                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4170                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18616594                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11052309                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1757578                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       723428                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2185142                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        295366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       442281                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1070280                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94181                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     21443152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       19258010     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          77832      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         160359      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          66498      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         362477      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         322998      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          62285      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         130679      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1002014      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     21443152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077774                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.489071                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       18508564                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       551733                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2176834                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         7124                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       198891                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       154190                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12959007                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1500                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       198891                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       18528365                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        394922                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        96423                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2165664                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        58881                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12951330                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        24748                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        21544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          328                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     15211751                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     60995380                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     60995380                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     13462911                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        1748840                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1507                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          764                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          149804                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3054526                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1543813                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14088                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        74465                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12924381                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1512                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12418011                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6741                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1014211                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2432809                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21443152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17032610     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1320179      6.16%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1084144      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       467163      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       594734      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575148      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327108      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25797      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16269      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21443152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31450     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244824     86.37%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7192      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7791883     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108279      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          743      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977168     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1539938     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12418011                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.549504                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283466                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022827                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46569381                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13940445                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12309994                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12701477                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22333                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120831                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          343                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9906                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       198891                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        361934                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16740                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12925901                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3054526                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1543813                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          764                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11294                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          343                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53850                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56131                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       109981                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12329880                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2966993                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88131                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            4506774                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1615200                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1539781                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.545604                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12310457                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12309994                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6648607                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        13100431                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.544724                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507511                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9994297                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11744375                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1182734                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        95732                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21244261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16986033     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1553842      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       728944      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720641      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195669      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       838017      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62701      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45557      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       112857      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21244261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9994297                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11744375                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              4467602                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             2933695                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1550952                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10443310                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       113651                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       112857                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           34058487                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          26053143                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                409786                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1155422                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9994297                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11744375                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9994297                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.261147                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.261147                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.442253                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.442253                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       60952408                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      14299262                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      15426250                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               22598571                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1833692                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1499773                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       180673                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       755108                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         721063                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         188338                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8087                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17796332                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10408308                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1833692                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       909401                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2179582                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        526238                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       314142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1095665                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181860                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     20631668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       18452086     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         117758      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         185833      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         296928      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         122835      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         137555      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         147199      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          95696      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1075778      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     20631668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081142                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460574                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       17631627                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       480497                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2172567                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         5631                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       341343                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       300286                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          271                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12707955                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1598                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       341343                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       17659679                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        152864                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       247867                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2150744                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        79168                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12699521                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents         2239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        21208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        30423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3932                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17627643                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     59076044                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     59076044                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15019677                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2607966                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3256                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1802                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          239980                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1211423                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       650418                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19133                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       148557                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12680377                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3268                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        11991846                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15261                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1627831                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3632421                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          337                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20631668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15578089     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2028492      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1107446      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       755349      3.66%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       707995      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203393      0.99%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159944      0.78%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53874      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37086      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20631668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2888     12.78%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8764     38.80%     51.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10938     48.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10045691     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189625      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1452      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1108874      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       646204      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     11991846                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.530646                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22590                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001884                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44653211                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14311628                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11795702                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12014436                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35430                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219932                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20157                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          770                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       341343                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        104508                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10717                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12683671                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2377                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1211423                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       650418                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1804                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7907                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105027                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103385                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       208412                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11818893                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1042474                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       172953                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1688352                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1662094                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           645878                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.522993                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             11795902                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            11795702                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6896834                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        18023048                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.521967                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382667                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8823121                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     10814935                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1868760                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2931                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       184241                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20290325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15896740     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2129399     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829655      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444495      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       333571      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186489      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       115531      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102734      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251711      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20290325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8823121                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     10814935                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1621752                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              991491                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1462                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1552408                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         9745086                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       219703                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       251711                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           32722244                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          25708770                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                289153                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1966903                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8823121                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            10814935                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8823121                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.561290                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.561290                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.390428                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.390428                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       53297244                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16350149                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      11851797                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         2928                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               22598574                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1703386                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1529377                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135637                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1153180                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1135771                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96967                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4016                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18141679                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              9694541                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1703386                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1232738                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2162762                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        450954                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       273296                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1097584                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       132813                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     20892327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       18729565     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         338760      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         160711      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         334228      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          98348      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         310715      1.49%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          46162      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          74029      0.35%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         799809      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     20892327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075376                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.428989                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       17864855                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       554503                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2158371                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1723                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       312871                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       153070                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         1719                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     10783731                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         4183                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       312871                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       17895776                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        352718                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       110124                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2130750                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        90084                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     10766470                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         8276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        75412                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     14047655                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     48696732                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     48696732                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     11336419                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2711216                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1377                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          700                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          183043                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1999582                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       300568                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2554                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        68204                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         10711316                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1381                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        10012022                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6523                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1976685                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4059187                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20892327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479220                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16491926     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1366588      6.54%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1500527      7.18%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       864096      4.14%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       431609      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       107758      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124397      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2924      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2502      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20892327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16009     56.71%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6791     24.06%     80.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5429     19.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7815300     78.06%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74753      0.75%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          678      0.01%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1823552     18.21%     97.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       297739      2.97%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     10012022                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.443038                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28229                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002820                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40951123                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12689410                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9756962                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     10040251                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7417                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       413263                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7941                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       312871                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        224931                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11147                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10712704                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1291                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1999582                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300568                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          699                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3667                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          247                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91080                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52241                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       143321                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9890187                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1799125                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       121835                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2096838                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1508535                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           297713                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.437647                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              9759449                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             9756962                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         5917304                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        12651118                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.431751                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.467730                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7790957                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      8721727                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1991417                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1366                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       134621                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20579456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17357735     84.34%     84.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1247627      6.06%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       819578      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254850      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434015      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80649      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51405      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46117      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       287480      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20579456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      7790957                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      8721727                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1878941                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1586314                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1343066                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         7606536                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       104197                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       287480                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           31005094                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          21739442                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                408260                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1706247                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           7790957                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             8721727                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      7790957                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.900616                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.900616                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.344754                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.344754                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       46056983                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      12660601                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      11542790                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               22598574                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1864500                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1525586                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183705                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       766391                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732336                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191794                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8314                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17936849                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10425137                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1864500                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       924130                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2174498                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        502863                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       420531                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1099004                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       183806                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     20848660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       18674162     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         100494      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         160912      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         217576      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         223796      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         190304      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         105741      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         158728      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1016947      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     20848660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082505                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461318                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       17754539                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       604659                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2170395                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2509                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       316555                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       306789                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          230                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     12791083                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1342                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       316555                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       17803031                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        126792                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       366734                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2125114                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       110431                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     12786747                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        15004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        48170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     17841653                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     59480661                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     59480661                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     15437432                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2404221                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3069                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1551                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          331662                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1197428                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       647729                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7614                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       215004                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         12770277                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3078                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12115395                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1838                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1431854                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3442605                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20848660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15675430     75.19%     75.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2163290     10.38%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1084940      5.20%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       790385      3.79%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       623454      2.99%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255805      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160194      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        84231      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10931      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20848660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2561     12.72%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7517     37.33%     50.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10058     49.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10189690     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180918      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1517      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1097737      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645533      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12115395                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536113                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20136                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45101424                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14205269                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11932849                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12135531                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23715                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       194604                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9804                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       316555                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        101309                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11273                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12773380                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          925                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1197428                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       647729                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1552                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9577                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106508                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103769                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       210277                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11948091                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1032485                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1677963                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1697216                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           645478                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.528710                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             11932975                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            11932849                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6850458                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        18459586                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528035                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371106                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8998962                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11072978                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1700415                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3057                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       185814                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20532105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15950675     77.69%     77.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2290235     11.15%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       846566      4.12%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       405413      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       364497      1.78%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       197079      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       156429      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78273      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242938      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20532105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      8998962                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11072978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1640749                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1002824                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1526                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1596746                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         9976586                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       227994                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       242938                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           33062495                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          25863357                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                273661                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1749914                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           8998962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11072978                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      8998962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.511242                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.511242                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398209                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398209                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       53770559                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      16624917                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      11856132                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               22598572                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1833905                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1500391                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       181155                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       752497                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         721092                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187699                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8002                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17788292                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10406031                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1833905                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       908791                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2179962                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        528436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       322063                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1095773                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       182360                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     20633635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       18453673     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         118398      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         185881      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         297108      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         123015      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         136857      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         146856      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          95685      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1076162      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     20633635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081151                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460473                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       17624128                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       487835                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2172906                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         5715                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       343048                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       299921                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          272                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12707875                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1625                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       343048                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       17652118                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        153258                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       253796                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2151151                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        80261                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12699049                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2315                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        21875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        30249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5291                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     17624045                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     59071977                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     59071977                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     15000966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2622955                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3244                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1794                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          238398                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1212718                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       649997                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19235                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       148114                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12678628                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3255                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        11982181                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15242                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1640411                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3668145                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          328                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20633635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15584721     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2025208      9.82%     85.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1107117      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       755518      3.66%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       707475      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203187      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159528      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53866      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37015      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20633635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2862     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9123     39.75%     52.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10965     47.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10038058     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189457      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1450      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1107281      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645935      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     11982181                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530219                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22950                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001915                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44636189                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14322446                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11786107                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12005131                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35327                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       222439                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20503                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          776                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       343048                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        105379                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10519                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12681906                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3668                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1212718                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       649997                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1793                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7733                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104981                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104077                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       209058                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11809440                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1041386                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       172741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1686991                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1660275                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           645605                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.522575                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11786325                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11786107                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6892255                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        18016602                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.521542                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382550                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8812138                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     10801501                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1880344                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2927                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       184736                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20290587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15903399     78.38%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2125604     10.48%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828154      4.08%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444070      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       333933      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       185946      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       115531      0.57%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102869      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251081      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20290587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8812138                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     10801501                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1619751                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              990268                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1460                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1550480                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9732976                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       219429                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       251081                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           32721286                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          25706865                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                289651                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1964937                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8812138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            10801501                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8812138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.564482                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.564482                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.389942                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.389942                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       53251424                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16336977                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      11848287                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         2924                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               22598574                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1832352                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1502394                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182158                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       776706                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         716482                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187702                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8141                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17569154                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10419992                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1832352                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       904184                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2293068                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        513848                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       583836                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1083379                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       180759                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     20774789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       18481721     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         248263      1.20%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         287779      1.39%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         157926      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         182961      0.88%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         100564      0.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          68642      0.33%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         176547      0.85%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1070386      5.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     20774789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081083                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461091                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       17426397                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       729628                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2274946                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        16996                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       326819                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       297172                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         1912                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12719143                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        10021                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       326819                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       17452927                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        211019                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       443040                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2266423                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        74558                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12710810                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        18526                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        35435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     17667122                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     59189038                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     59189038                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15103090                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2564029                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3397                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1927                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          202559                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1215152                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       661999                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17601                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       145632                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12691503                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3402                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12002215                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15850                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1569873                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3627515                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          436                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20774789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15713861     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2037198      9.81%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1094054      5.27%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       758336      3.65%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       660428      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337132      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81630      0.39%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52451      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39699      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20774789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2971     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11309     43.38%     54.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11792     45.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10046560     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187746      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1470      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1109697      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656742      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12002215                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.531105                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26072                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44821141                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14264912                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11803262                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12028287                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30218                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       214286                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           75                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14375                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          735                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       326819                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        169649                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11685                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12694928                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1549                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1215152                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       661999                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1921                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8197                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          138                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105985                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101525                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       207510                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11824805                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1042664                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       177410                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1699196                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1654839                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           656532                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.523254                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             11803519                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            11803262                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7016637                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        18371606                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.522301                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381928                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8869879                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     10881432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1813627                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2966                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       183115                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20447970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16002717     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2061281     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       864700      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       517718      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359716      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       232520      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120676      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        97059      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191583      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20447970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8869879                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     10881432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1648490                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1000866                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1557206                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         9810019                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       221287                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       191583                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           32951381                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          25716960                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                271150                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1823785                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8869879                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            10881432                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8869879                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.547788                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.547788                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.392497                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.392497                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       53345264                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16383953                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      11873152                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         2962                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          33013                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.548123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1277279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          65776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          19.418618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           296.563133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    22.417217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1447.768560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    18.585455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   852.068630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.873325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   583.057582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    25.612238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   584.805538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    23.353491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   798.625097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    19.028146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   841.863271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.748680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1455.221125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.758559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   566.441555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    20.602699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   799.809645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.664842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   478.195745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.153364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1458.298156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    20.984872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1115.132984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    17.710805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   845.268985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    26.693213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   577.954068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.541672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1103.866390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    21.781442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   787.045647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1349.729067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1153.970075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           903.256848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           878.814746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1135.801989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1151.300959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1329.963317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           903.451654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1111.047119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           746.950271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1305.525021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1307.273694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1181.809491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           899.911594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1327.875384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1126.370769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.009050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.044182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.026003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.017794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.017847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.024372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.025692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.044410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.017286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.024408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.014593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.044504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.034031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.025796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.017638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.033687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.024019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.041190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.035216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.027565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.026819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.034662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.035135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.040587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.027571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.033906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.022795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.039841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.039895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.036066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.027463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.040524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.034374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   50370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16312                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16312                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   182                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    50552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4051                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3119                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2422                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3166                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3087                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4038                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2442                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3157                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2305                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4018                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3780                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3121                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2440                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3159                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   50552                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1768                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1768                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 32995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  32998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3239                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1882                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1328                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1336                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1768                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1895                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3256                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1071                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2641                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1882                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2643                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1768                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 32998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5554930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    492747815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4412131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    282372400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6430674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    199913941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6197234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    202499862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5153513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    266029638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4558700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    284711182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5656373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    495104158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6120619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    199433265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5067287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    272105678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5499367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    161703188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5696616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    500043210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5374807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    398742838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3895737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    283515972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6093340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    198809699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5197529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    400124390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5242190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    266876139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4990884422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       146724                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       279589                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        426313                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5554930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    492894539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4412131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    282372400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6430674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    199913941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6197234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    202499862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5153513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    266029638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4558700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    284711182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5656373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    495104158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6120619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    199433265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5067287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    272105678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5499367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    161703188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5696616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    500043210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5374807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    398742838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3895737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    283795561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6093340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    198809699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5197529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    400124390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5242190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    266876139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4991310735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5554930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    492894539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4412131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    282372400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6430674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    199913941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6197234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    202499862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5153513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    266029638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4558700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    284711182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5656373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    495104158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6120619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    199433265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5067287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    272105678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5499367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    161703188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5696616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    500043210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5374807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    398742838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3895737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    283795561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6093340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    198809699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5197529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    400124390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5242190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    266876139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4991310735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               83365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16312                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16312                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               185                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                83550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               83550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.444536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.356933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.446762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.351243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.365509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.318560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.450336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.412270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.376226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.352124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.411554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.395790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.016216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.444307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.355508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.358330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.446394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.317239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.449966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.411307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.376174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.410595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.358839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.394949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.444307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.355508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.358330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.446394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.317239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.449966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.411307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.376174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.410595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.358839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.394949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154303.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152176.595120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147071.033333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150038.469713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160766.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150537.606175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158903.435897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151571.752994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151573.911765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150469.252262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151956.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150243.367810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148851.921053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152059.016585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156938.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151775.696347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153554.151515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150334.628729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157124.771429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150983.368814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153962.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152127.535747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149300.194444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150981.763726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149836.038462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150806.368085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156239.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150841.956753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148500.828571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151390.234582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158854.242424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150948.042421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151261.840339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       146724                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 139794.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142104.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154303.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152174.911701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147071.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150038.469713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160766.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150537.606175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158903.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151571.752994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151573.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150469.252262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151956.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150243.367810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148851.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152059.016585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156938.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151775.696347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153554.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150334.628729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157124.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150983.368814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153962.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152127.535747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149300.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150981.763726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149836.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150794.665781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156239.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150841.956753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148500.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151390.234582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158854.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150948.042421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151261.007788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154303.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152174.911701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147071.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150038.469713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160766.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150537.606175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158903.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151571.752994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151573.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150469.252262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151956.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150243.367810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148851.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152059.016585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156938.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151775.696347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153554.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150334.628729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157124.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150983.368814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153962.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152127.535747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149300.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150981.763726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149836.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150794.665781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156239.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150841.956753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148500.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151390.234582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158854.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150948.042421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151261.007788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9391                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9391                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            32995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             32998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            32998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3463046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    304236014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2665794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    172738476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4106046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    122579944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3932124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    124690523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3177697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    163053612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2814310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    174325046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3446506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    305542108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3859177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    122929078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3145764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166702629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3460558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     99342259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3546758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    308697942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3280394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    244994398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2382451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    174008560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3828328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    122062052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3155851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    246256015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3326440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    163907178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3069657078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        88445                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       163989                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       252434                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3463046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    304324459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2665794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    172738476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4106046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    122579944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3932124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    124690523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3177697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    163053612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2814310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    174325046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3446506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    305542108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3859177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    122929078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3145764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166702629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3460558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     99342259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3546758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    308697942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3280394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    244994398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2382451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    174172549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3828328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    122062052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3155851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    246256015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3326440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    163907178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3069909512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3463046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    304324459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2665794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    172738476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4106046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    122579944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3932124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    124690523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3177697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    163053612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2814310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    174325046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3446506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    305542108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3859177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    122929078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3145764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166702629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3460558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     99342259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3546758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    308697942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3280394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    244994398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2382451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    174172549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3828328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    122062052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3155851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    246256015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3326440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    163907178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3069909512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.444536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.356933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.446762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.351243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.365509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.318560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.450336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.412270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.376226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.352124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.411554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.395790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.444307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.355508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.358330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.446394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.317239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.449966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.411307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.376174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.410595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.358839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.394949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.444307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.355508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.358330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.446394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.317239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.449966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.411307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.376174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.410595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.358839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.394949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96195.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93958.003088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 88859.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91784.524973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102651.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92304.174699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 100823.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93331.229790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93461.676471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92224.893665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93810.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91992.108707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90697.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93839.713759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98953.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93553.331811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95326.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92100.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98873.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92756.544351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95858.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93914.798296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91122.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92765.769784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91632.730769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92557.744681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98162.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92611.572079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90167.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93172.915248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 100801.212121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92707.679864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93034.007516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        88445                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 81994.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84144.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96195.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93956.301019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 88859.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91784.524973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102651.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92304.174699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 100823.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93331.229790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93461.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92224.893665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93810.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91992.108707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90697.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93839.713759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98953.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93553.331811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95326.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92100.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98873.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92756.544351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95858.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93914.798296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91122.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92765.769784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91632.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92546.519129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98162.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92611.572079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90167.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93172.915248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 100801.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92707.679864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93033.199345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96195.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93956.301019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 88859.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91784.524973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102651.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92304.174699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 100823.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93331.229790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93461.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92224.893665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93810.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91992.108707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90697.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93839.713759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98953.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93553.331811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95326.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92100.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98873.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92756.544351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95858.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93914.798296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91122.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92765.769784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91632.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92546.519129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98162.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92611.572079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90167.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93172.915248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 100801.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92707.679864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93033.199345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              572.239538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001078711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1725997.777586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.942148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.297390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.049587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.867464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1070821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1070821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1070821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1070821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1070821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1070821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8753511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8753511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8753511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8753511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8753511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8753511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1070872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1070872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1070872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1070872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1070872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1070872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171637.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171637.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171637.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171637.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171637.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171637.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6886746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6886746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6886746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6886746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6886746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6886746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 186128.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186128.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 186128.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186128.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 186128.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186128.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             52094.311953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.788566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.211434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.432768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.567232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2800176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2800176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        25945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        25965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        25965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        25965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        25965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3128456308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3128456308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1744064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1744064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3130200372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3130200372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3130200372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3130200372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2826121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4358917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4358917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4358917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4358917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120580.316362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120580.316362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 87203.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87203.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120554.607048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120554.607048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120554.607048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120554.607048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    810043459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    810043459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       475524                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       475524                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    810518983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    810518983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    810518983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    810518983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111208.602279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111208.602279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        79254                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79254                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111182.302195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111182.302195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111182.302195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111182.302195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              550.113630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              888913575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1593035.080645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.784824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.328806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.038117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1097728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1097728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1097728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1097728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1097728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1097728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5652197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5652197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5652197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5652197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5652197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5652197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1097764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1097764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1097764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1097764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1097764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1097764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157005.472222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157005.472222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157005.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157005.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157005.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157005.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4929885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4929885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4929885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4929885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4929885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4929885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159028.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159028.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159028.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159028.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159028.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159028.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5001                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              199355641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             37921.940460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   185.109148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    70.890852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.723083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.276917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1651903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1651903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       291219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          686                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          686                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1943122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1943122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1943122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1943122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        17806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        17806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1943797799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1943797799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2688372                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2688372                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1946486171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1946486171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1946486171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1946486171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1669679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1669679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       291249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1960928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1960928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1960928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1960928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109349.561150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109349.561150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 89612.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89612.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109316.307481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109316.307481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109316.307481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109316.307481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          564                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             564                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        12781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        12805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        12805                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12805                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    511646474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    511646474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       450398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       450398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    512096872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    512096872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    512096872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    512096872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102431.726527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102431.726527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 75066.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75066.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102398.894621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102398.894621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102398.894621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102398.894621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              511.427681                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              971549579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1879206.148936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    36.427681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.058378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1099217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1099217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1099217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1099217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1099217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1099217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10322506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10322506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10322506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10322506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10322506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10322506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1099268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1099268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1099268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1099268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1099268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1099268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 202402.078431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 202402.078431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 202402.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 202402.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 202402.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 202402.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8605194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8605194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8605194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8605194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8605194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8605194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 204885.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204885.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 204885.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204885.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 204885.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204885.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 3760                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              148003401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4016                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             36853.436504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   222.472693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    33.527307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.869034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.130966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       754667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        754667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       634287                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       634287                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1388954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1388954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1388954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1388954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11973                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        11973                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1431169332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1431169332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8292101                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8292101                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1439461433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1439461433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1439461433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1439461433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       766555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       766555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       634372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       634372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1400927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1400927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1400927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1400927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120387.729812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120387.729812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 97554.129412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97554.129412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120225.627078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120225.627078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120225.627078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120225.627078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8213                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8213                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    376575523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376575523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1230350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1230350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    377805873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    377805873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    377805873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    377805873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100554.211749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100554.211749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82023.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82023.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100480.285372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100480.285372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100480.285372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100480.285372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              509.876729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              971548933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1882846.769380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    34.876729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.055892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1098571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1098571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1098571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1098571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1098571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1098571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9616854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9616854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9616854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9616854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9616854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9616854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1098618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1098618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1098618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1098618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1098618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1098618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 204613.914894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 204613.914894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 204613.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 204613.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 204613.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 204613.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8461211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8461211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8461211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8461211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8461211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8461211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       206371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       206371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       206371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       206371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       206371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       206371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 3758                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              148003073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             36871.717240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   222.465271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    33.534729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.869005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.130995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       754161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        754161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       634440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       634440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1628                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1628                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1388601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1388601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1388601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1388601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        11966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11966                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        11966                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1445349751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1445349751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7513137                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7513137                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1452862888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1452862888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1452862888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1452862888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       766041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       766041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       634526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       634526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1628                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1628                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1400567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1400567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1400567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1400567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121662.436953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121662.436953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 87362.058140                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87362.058140                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121415.919104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121415.919104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121415.919104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121415.919104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8208                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8208                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    379701319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    379701319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1065829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1065829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    380767148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    380767148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    380767148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    380767148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101443.045418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101443.045418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 71055.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71055.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101321.753060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101321.753060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101321.753060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101321.753060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              512.761341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              972762565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1881552.350097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    30.761341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.049297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1083224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1083224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1083224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1083224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1083224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1083224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7403921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7403921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7403921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7403921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7403921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7403921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1083269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1083269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1083269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1083269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1083269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1083269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164531.577778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164531.577778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164531.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164531.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164531.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164531.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5910943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5910943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5910943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5910943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5910943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5910943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168884.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168884.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168884.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168884.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168884.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168884.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4934                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              153805149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             29634.903468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   226.468712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    29.531288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.884643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.115357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       762628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        762628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       643637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1510                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1510                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1406265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1406265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1406265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1406265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        17487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        17487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2159573619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2159573619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     47156551                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47156551                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2206730170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2206730170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2206730170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2206730170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       779696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       779696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       644056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       644056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1510                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1510                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1423752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1423752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1423752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1423752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000651                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000651                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 126527.631767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126527.631767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112545.467780                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112545.467780                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 126192.609939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126192.609939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 126192.609939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126192.609939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    498518993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    498518993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1008483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1008483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    499527476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    499527476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    499527476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    499527476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101345.597276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101345.597276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67232.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67232.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101241.888123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101241.888123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101241.888123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101241.888123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              549.781784                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              888913532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1593035.003584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.452769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.329014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.037585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1097685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1097685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1097685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1097685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1097685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1097685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5798177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5798177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5798177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5798177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5798177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5798177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1097722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1097722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1097722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1097722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1097722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1097722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156707.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156707.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156707.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156707.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156707.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156707.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5026459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5026459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5026459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5026459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5026459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5026459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162143.838710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162143.838710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162143.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162143.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162143.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162143.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4982                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              199354949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             38059.364070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   184.966255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    71.033745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.722524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.277476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1651202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1651202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       291217                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291217                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          696                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          696                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1942419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1942419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1942419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1942419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        17777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        17777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1949711867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1949711867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2854009                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2854009                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1952565876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1952565876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1952565876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1952565876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1668949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1668949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       291247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          696                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          696                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1960196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1960196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1960196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1960196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109861.490224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109861.490224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95133.633333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95133.633333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109836.635878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109836.635878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109836.635878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109836.635878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12795                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12795                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    512023634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    512023634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       445589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       445589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    512469223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    512469223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    512469223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    512469223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102898.640273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102898.640273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 74264.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74264.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102864.155560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102864.155560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102864.155560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102864.155560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              573.945037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1001078781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1720066.634021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.498342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   540.446695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.053683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.866100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.919784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1070891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1070891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1070891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1070891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1070891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1070891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7807913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7807913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7807913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7807913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7807913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7807913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1070940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1070940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1070940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1070940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1070940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1070940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159345.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159345.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159345.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159345.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159345.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159345.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6430483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6430483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6430483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6430483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6430483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6430483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164884.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164884.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164884.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164884.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164884.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164884.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7294                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              393100422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 7550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             52066.281060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   110.790087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   145.209913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.432774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.567226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2798100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2798100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1531598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1531598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          746                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          746                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4329698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        4329698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4329698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       4329698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        26035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        26054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        26054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        26054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        26054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3147676279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3147676279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1519198                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1519198                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3149195477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3149195477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3149195477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3149195477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2824135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2824135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1531617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1531617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          746                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          746                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4355752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4355752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4355752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4355752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120901.719954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120901.719954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 79957.789474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79957.789474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120871.861403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120871.861403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120871.861403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120871.861403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1278                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1278                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18760                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18760                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    810876862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    810876862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       404441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       404441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    811281303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    811281303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    811281303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    811281303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111261.918496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111261.918496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67406.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67406.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111225.843570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111225.843570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111225.843570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111225.843570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              510.210124                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              971549373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1882847.622093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.210124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.056426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1099011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1099011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1099011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1099011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1099011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1099011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10057849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10057849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10057849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10057849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10057849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10057849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1099061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1099061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1099061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1099061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1099061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1099061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 201156.980000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 201156.980000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 201156.980000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 201156.980000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 201156.980000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 201156.980000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8528296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8528296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8528296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8528296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8528296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8528296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 208007.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208007.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 208007.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208007.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 208007.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208007.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3756                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148004056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             36890.342971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   222.476056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    33.523944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.869047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.130953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       755268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        755268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       634333                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       634333                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1611                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1611                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1389601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1389601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1389601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1389601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        11956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        11956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1431935377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1431935377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9073758                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9073758                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1441009135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1441009135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1441009135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1441009135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       767134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       767134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       634423                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       634423                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1611                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1611                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1401557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1401557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1401557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1401557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120675.491067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120675.491067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100819.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100819.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120526.023336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120526.023336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120526.023336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120526.023336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    376985126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376985126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1334189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1334189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    378319315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    378319315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    378319315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    378319315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100771.217856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100771.217856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 88945.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88945.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100723.992279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100723.992279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100723.992279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100723.992279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              512.232657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              972762437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1885198.521318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.232657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.048450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1083096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1083096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1083096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1083096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1083096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1083096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6916580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6916580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6916580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6916580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6916580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6916580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1083139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1083139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1083139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1083139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1083139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1083139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160850.697674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160850.697674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160850.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160850.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160850.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160850.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5615985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5615985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5615985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5615985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5615985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5615985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165176.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165176.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165176.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165176.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165176.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165176.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4967                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              153803318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             29447.313421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   226.841786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    29.158214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.886101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.113899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       760925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        760925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       643522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1497                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1497                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1404447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1404447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1404447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1404447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        17519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17519                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        17519                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2169733952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2169733952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     46671272                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46671272                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2216405224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2216405224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2216405224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2216405224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       778022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       778022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       643944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       643944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1497                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1497                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1421966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1421966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1421966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1421966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000655                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000655                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126907.290870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126907.290870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110595.431280                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110595.431280                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126514.368628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126514.368628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126514.368628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126514.368628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12552                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12552                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    505130382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    505130382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1022222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1022222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    506152604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    506152604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    506152604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    506152604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102005.327544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102005.327544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 68148.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68148.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101903.081135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101903.081135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101903.081135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101903.081135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              488.193326                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              974690449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1981078.148374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    33.193326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.053194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1106888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1106888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1106888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1106888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1106888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1106888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7796717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7796717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7796717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7796717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7796717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7796717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1106938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1106938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1106938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1106938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1106938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1106938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155934.340000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155934.340000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155934.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155934.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155934.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155934.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6059576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6059576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6059576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6059576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6059576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6059576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163772.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163772.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163772.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163772.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163772.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163772.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3376                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              144282207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 3632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             39725.277258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   219.283790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    36.716210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.856577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.143423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       881338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        881338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       653603                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       653603                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1682                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1682                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1534941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1534941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1534941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1534941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         8693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         8693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    909744620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    909744620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5372926                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5372926                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    915117546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    915117546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    915117546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    915117546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       889976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       889976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       653658                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       653658                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1682                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1682                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1543634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1543634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1543634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1543634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105318.895578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105318.895578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 97689.563636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97689.563636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105270.625331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105270.625331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105270.625331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105270.625331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          717                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             717                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    325691954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325691954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1058087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1058087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    326750041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    326750041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    326750041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    326750041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96874.465794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96874.465794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 75577.642857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75577.642857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96786.149585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96786.149585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96786.149585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96786.149585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              574.381884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1001078121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1723026.025818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.084820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.297064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.053021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.920484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1070231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1070231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1070231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1070231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1070231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1070231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8532682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8532682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8532682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8532682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8532682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8532682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1070280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1070280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1070280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1070280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1070280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1070280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174136.367347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174136.367347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174136.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174136.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174136.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174136.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6900471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6900471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6900471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6900471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6900471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6900471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 181591.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181591.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 181591.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181591.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 181591.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181591.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 7305                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              393102720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 7561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             51990.837191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   110.783329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   145.216671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.432747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.567253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2799621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1532370                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532370                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          755                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          755                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4331991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4331991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4331991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4331991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        26083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        26102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        26102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        26102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        26102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3159242622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3159242622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1656285                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1656285                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3160898907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3160898907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3160898907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3160898907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2825704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2825704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1532389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          755                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          755                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4358093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4358093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4358093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4358093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121122.670782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121122.670782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 87172.894737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87172.894737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121097.958279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121097.958279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121097.958279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121097.958279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18797                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18797                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    814259533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    814259533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       439037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       439037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    814698570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    814698570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    814698570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    814698570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111557.683655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111557.683655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 73172.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73172.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111526.156057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111526.156057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111526.156057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111526.156057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              519.870509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              977199133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1854267.804554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.870509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.047869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1095618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1095618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1095618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1095618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1095618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1095618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7022605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7022605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7022605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7022605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7022605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7022605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1095665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1095665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1095665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1095665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1095665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1095665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149417.127660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149417.127660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149417.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149417.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149417.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149417.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5788518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5788518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5788518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5788518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5788518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5788518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156446.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156446.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156446.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156446.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156446.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156446.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 6421                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              162701271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 6677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             24367.421147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   228.025526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    27.974474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.890725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.109275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       759209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        759209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       627208                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       627208                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1765                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1765                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1386417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1386417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1386417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1386417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        16244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        16336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        16336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        16336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        16336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1929021748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1929021748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7633672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7633672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1936655420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1936655420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1936655420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1936655420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       775453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       775453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       627300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       627300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1765                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1765                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1402753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1402753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1402753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1402753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.020948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118752.877863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118752.877863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 82974.695652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82974.695652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118551.384672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118551.384672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118551.384672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118551.384672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          873                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             873                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    680737313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    680737313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1010708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1010708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    681748021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    681748021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    681748021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    681748021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106265.581174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106265.581174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 67380.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67380.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106174.742408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106174.742408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106174.742408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106174.742408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              548.325921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              888913399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1604536.821300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    21.997058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.328864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.035252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1097552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1097552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1097552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1097552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1097552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1097552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4950675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4950675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4950675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4950675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4950675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4950675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1097584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1097584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1097584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1097584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1097584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1097584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154708.593750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154708.593750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154708.593750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154708.593750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154708.593750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154708.593750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4316722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4316722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4316722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4316722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4316722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4316722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159878.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159878.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159878.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159878.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159878.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159878.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5003                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              199355726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             37907.534893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   185.116006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    70.883994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.723109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.276891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1651989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1651989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       291219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          686                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          686                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1943208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1943208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1943208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1943208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        17795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        17795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1949820549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1949820549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      3252566                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3252566                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1953073115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1953073115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1953073115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1953073115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1669754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1669754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       291249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1961003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1961003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1961003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1961003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109756.293217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109756.293217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108418.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108418.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109754.038494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109754.038494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109754.038494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109754.038494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12792                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12792                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    512970654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    512970654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       616198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       616198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    513586852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    513586852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    513586852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    513586852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102655.724235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102655.724235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102699.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102699.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102655.776934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102655.776934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102655.776934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102655.776934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              510.208177                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              971549318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1882847.515504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    35.208177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.056423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1098956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1098956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1098956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1098956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1098956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1098956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10338091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10338091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10338091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10338091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10338091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10338091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1099004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1099004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1099004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1099004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1099004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1099004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 215376.895833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215376.895833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 215376.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 215376.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 215376.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 215376.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8841595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8841595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8841595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8841595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8841595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8841595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 215648.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215648.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 215648.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215648.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 215648.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215648.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3758                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              148005318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             36872.276532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   222.483703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    33.516297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.869077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.130923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       756045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        756045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       634900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       634900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1530                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1530                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1390945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1390945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1390945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1390945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        11946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        11946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1428189899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1428189899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7720591                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7720591                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1435910490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1435910490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1435910490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1435910490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       767904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       767904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       634987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       634987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1530                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1530                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1402891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1402891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1402891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1402891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120430.887849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120430.887849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 88742.425287                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88742.425287                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120200.107986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120200.107986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120200.107986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120200.107986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    376490879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376490879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1152658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1152658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    377643537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    377643537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    377643537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    377643537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100585.327010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100585.327010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 76843.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76843.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100490.563332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100490.563332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100490.563332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100490.563332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              519.629753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              977199240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1857793.231939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.629753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.047484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1095725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1095725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1095725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1095725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1095725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1095725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6976548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6976548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6976548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6976548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6976548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6976548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1095773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1095773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1095773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1095773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1095773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1095773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 145344.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145344.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 145344.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145344.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 145344.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145344.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5663145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5663145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5663145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5663145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5663145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5663145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157309.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157309.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157309.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157309.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157309.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157309.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6437                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              162699504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             24308.905424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   228.008768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    27.991232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.890659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.109341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       758238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        758238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       626435                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       626435                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1384673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1384673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1384673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1384673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        16600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        16600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1966756611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1966756611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8082054                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8082054                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1974838665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1974838665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1974838665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1974838665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       774747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       774747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       626526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       626526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1401273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1401273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1401273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1401273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119132.389061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119132.389061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 88813.780220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88813.780220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118966.184639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118966.184639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118966.184639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118966.184639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          835                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             835                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10163                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10163                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    684201209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    684201209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1108297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1108297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    685309506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    685309506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    685309506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    685309506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106540.206945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106540.206945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 73886.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73886.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106464.114650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106464.114650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106464.114650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106464.114650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              511.798620                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              972762678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1885198.988372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    29.798620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.047754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1083337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1083337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1083337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1083337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1083337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1083337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7175655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7175655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7175655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7175655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7175655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7175655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1083379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1083379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1083379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1083379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1083379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1083379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170848.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170848.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170848.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170848.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170848.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170848.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5915689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5915689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5915689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5915689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5915689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5915689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173990.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173990.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173990.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173990.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173990.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173990.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4927                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              153804069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             29674.719082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   226.483490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    29.516510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.884701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.115299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       761118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        761118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       644028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       644028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1548                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1548                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1405146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1405146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1405146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1405146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        17451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        17451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2160076392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2160076392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     47039373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47039373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2207115765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2207115765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2207115765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2207115765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       778147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       778147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       644450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       644450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1548                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1548                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1422597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1422597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1422597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1422597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000655                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000655                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 126846.931235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126846.931235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111467.708531                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111467.708531                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 126475.030944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126475.030944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 126475.030944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126475.030944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1730                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1730                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12524                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12524                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    499142387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    499142387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1036598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1036598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    500178985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    500178985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    500178985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    500178985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101616.935464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101616.935464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69106.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69106.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101517.959204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101517.959204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101517.959204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101517.959204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
