
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001195                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1194601584                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400396743012                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 401557                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   518922                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  40421                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67747708                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29554.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11867743990                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15336379591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        43264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        43392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        27264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        43136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        17024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        68864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               492416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           50816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       179328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            179328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1401                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1401                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3214461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     36216259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     22715523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13715033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     14143628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3214461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     36323407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2678717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     22822672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3214461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     36109110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     14250776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13715033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     57645998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14143628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               412201027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3214461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3214461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2678717                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3214461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           42538032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         150115321                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              150115321                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         150115321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3214461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     36216259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     22715523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13715033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     14143628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3214461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     36323407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2678717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     22822672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3214461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     36109110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     14250776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13715033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     57645998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14143628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              562316348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171896                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87168                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21309                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008130                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1199186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              262235                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       211641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125299                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22055                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2261283     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27848      1.10%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          32178      1.28%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17825      0.71%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          20155      0.80%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11761      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7806      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20760      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         123902      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073335                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.418600                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       228896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259901                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34252                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1463330                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1995048                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         18827                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       201051                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          258461                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1461089                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2031978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6800982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6800982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         328872                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           26274                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       140413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15790                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457079                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367765                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200427                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469210                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1948085     77.20%     77.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230856      9.15%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124525      4.93%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86093      3.41%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75189      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38827      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9381      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6093      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4469      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           346     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1331     43.86%     55.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1358     44.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145013     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21293      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126624      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74669      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367765                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5264060                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1657940                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1342995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3360                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27532                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         14011                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457479                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12179                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13007                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25186                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346032                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118542                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21732                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             193168                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187687                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74626                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.469860                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1343086                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1342995                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798750                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2092554                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.468800                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381711                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230594                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22261                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980979     79.80%     79.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232711      9.37%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97439      3.93%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58555      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40184      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26391      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13716      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10768      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21659      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21659                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3918213                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2956102                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32777                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                341235                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.864747                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.864747                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.349071                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.349071                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6069752                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1866074                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1364081                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         195597                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176322                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12105                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76029                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67795                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10504                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          529                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2053177                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1225681                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            195597                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        78299                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              241394                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         38366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       296757                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2837                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          119585                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11959                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2620184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.853271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2378790     90.79%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           8285      0.32%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          17699      0.68%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           7212      0.28%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          39466      1.51%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          35510      1.36%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           6596      0.25%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          14342      0.55%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         112284      4.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2620184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068277                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.427849                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2039578                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       313712                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          240317                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          822                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        25751                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        17101                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1435464                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        25751                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2042773                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        284544                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        20425                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          238134                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         8553                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1433311                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         3517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         3271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1689040                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6743135                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6743135                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1460714                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         228310                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           22945                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       336404                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       168756                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1582                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8253                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1428160                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1361410                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1190                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131686                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       321838                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2620184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.519586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.312661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2133765     81.44%     81.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147187      5.62%     87.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119892      4.58%     91.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51643      1.97%     93.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65435      2.50%     96.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        62105      2.37%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35572      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2867      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1718      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2620184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3346     10.98%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26333     86.45%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          783      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       855882     62.87%     62.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11733      0.86%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       325724     23.93%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       167991     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1361410                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.475228                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30462                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022375                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5374656                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1560083                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1347639                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1391872                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2490                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16834                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1750                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        25751                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        279249                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2295                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1428338                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           40                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       336404                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       168756                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1479                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6277                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7598                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        13875                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1350413                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       324527                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10997                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             492470                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         176762                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           167943                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.471389                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1347783                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1347639                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          728963                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1437118                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.470421                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507239                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1085771                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1275553                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152915                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        12116                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2594433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2130503     82.12%     82.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170298      6.56%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79388      3.06%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        78577      3.03%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21075      0.81%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        90503      3.49%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6920      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4939      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12230      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2594433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1085771                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1275553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               486568                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              319567                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           168459                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1134076                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        12272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        12230                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4010658                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2882715                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 46042                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                244569                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1085771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1275553                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1085771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.638450                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.638450                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.379010                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.379010                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6671319                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1568973                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1703284                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         194569                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174803                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16967                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131749                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         127999                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2059986                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1108020                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            194569                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       138587                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              246184                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         56621                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        88908                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          125975                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16429                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2434629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2188445     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          38131      1.57%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          18423      0.76%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          37843      1.55%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          10682      0.44%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          35400      1.45%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           5061      0.21%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           8401      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          92243      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2434629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067918                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.386777                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2037722                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       111945                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          245532                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        39171                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        17208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1230674                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1679                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        39171                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2040595                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         79968                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        23840                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          242702                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         8350                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1227739                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         6560                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1601099                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5550196                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5550196                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1260385                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         340698                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           18944                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       229872                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        33342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         7399                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1219390                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1128527                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1340                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       245728                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521297                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2434629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.074290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1940105     79.69%     79.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150895      6.20%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171598      7.05%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96401      3.96%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48406      1.99%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12693      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13884      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          336      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2434629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1875     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          797     24.32%     81.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          605     18.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       879774     77.96%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8185      0.73%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       207729     18.41%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32765      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1128527                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.393935                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3277                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002904                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4696300                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1465304                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1097458                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1131804                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51056                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        39171                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         70219                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          960                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1219556                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       229872                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          445                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10583                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7294                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        17877                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1113319                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       204428                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15208                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             237170                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         169691                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            32742                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.388627                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1097888                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1097458                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          666418                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1421010                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.383090                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.468975                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       869564                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       971400                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248202                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        16672                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.405517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.272417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2037241     85.05%     85.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138531      5.78%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91162      3.81%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27954      1.17%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48723      2.03%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8815      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5809      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4922      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32301      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       869564                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       971400                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               210795                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              178813                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           149867                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          846357                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        32301                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3582746                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2478421                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 48151                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                430124                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            869564                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              971400                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       869564                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.294471                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.294471                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.303539                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.303539                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5185209                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1423543                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1316638                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         221457                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181307                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23402                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89871                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22342                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1080                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2125758                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1239357                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            221457                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       107180                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              257237                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         64824                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       126098                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          131598                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23250                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2550826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2293589     89.92%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11796      0.46%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18608      0.73%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          25040      0.98%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          26543      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          22456      0.88%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11877      0.47%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          18882      0.74%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         122035      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2550826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077304                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432623                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2104743                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       148148                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          256618                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        40925                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        36170                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1518969                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        40925                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2110865                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         21231                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       113365                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          250892                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        13539                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1517742                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5974                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2118511                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7056594                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7056594                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1803309                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         315202                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           42171                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       142841                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        76202                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          851                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        17042                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1514864                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          364                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1428233                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186338                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       451716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2550826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.559910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1947926     76.36%     76.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       246594      9.67%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125524      4.92%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95590      3.75%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75080      2.94%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29826      1.17%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19002      0.74%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9913      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1371      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2550826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           296     11.84%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          914     36.57%     48.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1289     51.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1201763     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21225      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129298      9.05%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75770      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1428233                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.498554                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2499                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001750                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5410215                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1701580                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1404727                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1430732                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2822                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25570                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1572                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        40925                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         18142                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1205                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1515232                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       142841                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76202                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1020                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12808                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13821                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        26629                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1406911                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121583                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             197328                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         199412                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            75745                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.491111                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1404806                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1404727                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          807211                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2175633                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.490348                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371024                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1051404                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1293903                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221338                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          357                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        23471                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2509901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.515520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1979291     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       262774     10.47%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99742      3.97%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47154      1.88%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39374      1.57%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23164      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20670      0.82%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9009      0.36%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28723      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2509901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1051404                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1293903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               191901                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              117271                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           186552                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1165832                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        26661                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        28723                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3996406                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3071415                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 34004                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                313927                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1051404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1293903                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1051404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.724693                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.724693                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.367014                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.367014                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6329768                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1958463                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1407505                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         222368                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23415                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90594                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85200                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22430                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1097                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2126848                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1243406                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            222368                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       107630                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              258123                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         65016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       124465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          131718                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23276                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2550740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2292617     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11843      0.46%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18661      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          24961      0.98%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          26579      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          22685      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          12279      0.48%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          18678      0.73%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         122437      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2550740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077622                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.434036                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2104902                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       146872                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          257500                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          368                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        36307                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1524243                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1312                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2111233                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         20503                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       112427                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          251538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        13939                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1522835                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         6147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2123948                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7080737                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7080737                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1807482                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         316466                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           42844                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       143702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        76318                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        19316                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1519918                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1432104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          311                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       188885                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456864                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2550740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1945246     76.26%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       249143      9.77%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126032      4.94%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94386      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75160      2.95%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30307      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19022      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10120      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1324      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2550740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           301     11.80%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          944     37.01%     48.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1306     51.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1205158     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21245      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129585      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75938      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1432104                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.499905                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2551                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001781                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5417810                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709189                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1409012                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1434655                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26174                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1508                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         17431                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1231                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1520291                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76318                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          189                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1048                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12733                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13893                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        26626                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1411264                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       122004                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             197927                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         199842                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            75923                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.492630                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1409091                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1409012                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          809555                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2184022                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.491844                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.370672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1053898                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1296888                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223411                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        23483                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2509649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1976729     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264553     10.54%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99467      3.96%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47589      1.90%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40383      1.61%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23108      0.92%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20049      0.80%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8900      0.35%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28871      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2509649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1053898                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1296888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               192338                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              117528                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           186960                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1168552                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        26723                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        28871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4001064                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3081696                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 34092                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                314013                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1053898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1296888                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1053898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.718245                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.718245                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.367884                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.367884                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6350362                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1963593                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1412054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         194515                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175215                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12055                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74891                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67446                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10485                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          534                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2040208                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1217729                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            194515                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        77931                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              239950                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         38235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       302354                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles          554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           52                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          118830                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11907                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2609015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2369065     90.80%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1           8286      0.32%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          17649      0.68%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3           7207      0.28%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          39163      1.50%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          35192      1.35%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           6553      0.25%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          14349      0.55%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         111551      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2609015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067899                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.425073                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2022705                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       320941                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          238880                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          815                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        25670                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        17124                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1426464                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        25670                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2026007                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        291107                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        20475                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          236592                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         9160                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1424331                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         3978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         3406                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1680139                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6700160                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6700160                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1453165                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         226953                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           23879                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       333094                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       167098                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1559                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         8249                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1419276                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1352816                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1227                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131233                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       320663                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2609015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2123907     81.41%     81.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147670      5.66%     87.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119980      4.60%     91.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51474      1.97%     93.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65100      2.50%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61204      2.35%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35127      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2842      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1711      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2609015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3350     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25919     86.28%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          771      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       852214     63.00%     63.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11733      0.87%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       322445     23.84%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       166344     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1352816                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.472228                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30040                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022206                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5345913                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1550746                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1339055                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1382856                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2445                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16804                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1732                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        25670                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        285158                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2395                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1419454                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           40                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       333094                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       167098                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1514                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6244                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7577                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        13821                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1341835                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       321223                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10980                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             487521                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         175750                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           166298                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.468395                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1339198                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1339055                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          724840                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1432017                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.467424                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.506167                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1078552                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1267350                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152229                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        12066                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2583345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2121530     82.12%     82.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170094      6.58%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79389      3.07%     91.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77890      3.02%     94.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21023      0.81%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89285      3.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6917      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4947      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12270      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2583345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1078552                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1267350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               481647                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              316286                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           167474                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1126858                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        12272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        12270                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3990641                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2864859                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 45538                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                255738                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1078552                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1267350                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1078552                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.656110                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.656110                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.376490                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.376490                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6625251                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1560667                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1690373                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         193061                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173264                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130392                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         126492                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10653                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          520                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2043026                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1099377                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            193061                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       137145                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              244121                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         56187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        90295                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          124947                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16350                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2416652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2172531     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          37696      1.56%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18164      0.75%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          37403      1.55%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          10764      0.45%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          34946      1.45%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5105      0.21%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8413      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          91630      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2416652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067392                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.383760                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2020480                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       113602                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          243469                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          268                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        38830                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        17240                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1221965                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1683                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        38830                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2023383                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         78079                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        27250                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          240615                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8492                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1219197                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         6527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1590674                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5513118                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5513118                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1253128                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         337526                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           19017                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       227353                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        33383                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          308                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         7427                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1210809                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1120930                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243289                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       515412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2416652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.074902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1925160     79.66%     79.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       151072      6.25%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       169367      7.01%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95632      3.96%     96.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48305      2.00%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12611      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13882      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          323      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          300      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2416652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1870     56.96%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          804     24.49%     81.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          609     18.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       874372     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8204      0.73%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       205457     18.33%     97.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32823      2.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1120930                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.391283                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3283                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4663118                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1454279                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1090113                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1124213                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50362                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1401                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        38830                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         68052                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          946                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1210975                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       227353                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33383                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          439                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10498                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        17833                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1105841                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       202304                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15089                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             235103                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         168382                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            32799                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.386016                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1090534                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1090113                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          661806                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1414993                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.380526                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.467710                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       863432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       965268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       245759                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16584                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2377822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.405946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.272405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2021376     85.01%     85.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138379      5.82%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90321      3.80%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27823      1.17%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48427      2.04%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8811      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5767      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4931      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31987      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2377822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       863432                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       965268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               208969                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              176987                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           148844                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          841248                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        31987                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3556849                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2460923                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 47637                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                448101                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            863432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              965268                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       863432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.317868                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.317868                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.301398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.301398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5149272                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1414521                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1306079                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         195110                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175843                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12064                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75113                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67637                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10495                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          527                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2047680                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1222388                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            195110                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        78132                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              240775                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         38224                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       309095                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          119245                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11910                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2626343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546488                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2385568     90.83%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           8288      0.32%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          17655      0.67%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           7208      0.27%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          39335      1.50%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          35370      1.35%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6576      0.25%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          14348      0.55%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         111995      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2626343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068107                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.426699                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2033568                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       326600                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          239693                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          828                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        25650                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        17094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1431752                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        25650                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2036795                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        296884                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        20482                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          237450                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         9078                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1429573                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         3921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         3402                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1685332                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6725472                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6725472                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1457941                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         227373                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           23588                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       335147                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       168143                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1572                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8249                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1424465                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357980                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1209                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131115                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       320660                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2626343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2140025     81.48%     81.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147750      5.63%     87.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120097      4.57%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51613      1.97%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65278      2.49%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61674      2.35%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35340      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2853      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1713      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2626343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3335     11.03%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26127     86.43%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       854281     62.91%     62.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11731      0.86%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       324505     23.90%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       167383     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357980                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.474030                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30230                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022261                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5373737                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1555817                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1344238                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1388210                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2477                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16780                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1742                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        25650                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        291072                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2272                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1424643                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           41                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       335147                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       168143                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1455                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6256                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7583                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        13839                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1347001                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       323298                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             490634                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         176352                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           167336                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.470198                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1344378                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1344238                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          727327                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1435119                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.469233                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506806                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1083115                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1272534                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152233                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        12075                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2600693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.305642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2137405     82.19%     82.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170395      6.55%     88.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79459      3.06%     91.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        78275      3.01%     94.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21082      0.81%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89913      3.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6927      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4955      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12282      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2600693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1083115                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1272534                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               484753                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              318357                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           168098                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1131418                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        12272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        12282                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4013165                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2875218                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 45760                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                238410                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1083115                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1272534                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1083115                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.644920                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.644920                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.378083                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.378083                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6653289                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1565691                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1698162                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         222067                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181784                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23454                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90136                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85083                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22407                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1086                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2131739                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1242999                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            222067                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       107490                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              257971                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         64981                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       127834                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          131958                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23303                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2559415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2301444     89.92%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          11829      0.46%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          18668      0.73%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          25109      0.98%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          26610      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          22514      0.88%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          11909      0.47%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          18942      0.74%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         122390      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2559415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077517                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.433894                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2110618                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       150028                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          257349                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        41027                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        36280                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1523319                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        41027                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2116761                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         19959                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       116459                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          251604                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        13596                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1522071                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5988                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2124538                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7076711                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7076711                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1808526                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         316012                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          366                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           42332                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       143224                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        76438                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          855                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        17076                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1519154                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          368                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1432304                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          425                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186835                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       452843                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2559415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.559622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1954735     76.37%     76.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       247396      9.67%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125844      4.92%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95864      3.75%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75307      2.94%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29899      1.17%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19060      0.74%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9935      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1375      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2559415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           298     11.84%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          922     36.65%     48.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1296     51.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1205183     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21280      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129657      9.05%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76006      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1432304                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.499975                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2516                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5426964                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1706371                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1408750                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1434820                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2828                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25618                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1576                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        41027                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         16808                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1224                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1519526                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143224                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76438                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          188                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1037                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12837                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13849                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        26686                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1410943                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121929                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21361                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             197910                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         199957                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            75981                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.492518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1408829                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1408750                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          809570                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2181813                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.491753                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371054                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1054512                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1297651                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221884                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        23526                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2518388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.515270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1986202     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       263572     10.47%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100022      3.97%     93.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47305      1.88%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39514      1.57%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23221      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20710      0.82%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9037      0.36%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28805      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2518388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1054512                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1297651                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               192468                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              117606                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           187060                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1169246                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        26739                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        28805                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4009105                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3080105                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 34108                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                305338                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1054512                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1297651                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1054512                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.716662                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.716662                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.368099                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.368099                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6348032                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1964030                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1411670                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         210017                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171840                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22309                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87124                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80018                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21299                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2007404                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1198873                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            210017                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       101317                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              262153                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         64198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       222470                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          125256                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2533542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.579472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.916805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2271389     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          27837      1.10%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          32159      1.27%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          17819      0.70%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          20140      0.79%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          11758      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7806      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          20754      0.82%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         123880      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2533542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.073311                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.418491                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1990800                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       239728                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          259817                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        41119                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        34239                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1462946                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        41119                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1994327                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         18766                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       211942                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          258372                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         9012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1460657                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2031421                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6798962                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6798962                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1702450                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         328930                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           26299                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       140376                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        75369                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1862                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        15790                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1456624                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367258                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200458                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469411                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2533542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.234353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1958318     77.30%     77.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230774      9.11%     86.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124476      4.91%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86069      3.40%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75162      2.97%     97.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38806      1.53%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9379      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6091      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4467      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2533542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           347     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1332     43.86%     55.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1358     44.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1144582     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21293      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126580      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74637      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367258                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.477269                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3037                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002221                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5273071                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1657516                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1342490                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370295                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3359                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27541                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        41119                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         13951                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1216                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457024                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140376                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75369                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12177                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13005                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        25182                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1345527                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118498                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21729                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             193093                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         187607                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            74595                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.469683                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1342581                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1342490                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          798457                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2091747                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.468623                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381718                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999606                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226411                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230621                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22258                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2492423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1991194     79.89%     79.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232629      9.33%     89.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97395      3.91%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58525      2.35%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40173      1.61%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26382      1.06%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13709      0.55%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10767      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21649      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2492423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       999606                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1226411                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               185869                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              112835                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           175474                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1105703                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        24954                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        21649                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3927793                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2955207                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32772                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                331211                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            999606                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1226411                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       999606                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.865882                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.865882                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.348933                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.348933                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6067515                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1865404                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1363708                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2863101                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         222208                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181924                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23404                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90529                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85124                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22418                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1094                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2124815                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1242142                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            222208                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       107542                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              257891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         64986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       123911                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          131605                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23264                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2547905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2290014     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11829      0.46%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18630      0.73%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          24959      0.98%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          26555      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          22668      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          12270      0.48%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          18665      0.73%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         122315      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2547905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077611                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.433845                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2102980                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       146210                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          257273                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          360                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        36273                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1522855                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1312                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2109310                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         17258                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       115035                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          251297                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        13921                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1521375                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         6146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2121805                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7073866                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7073866                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1805308                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         316404                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           42801                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       143621                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        76225                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          874                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        19300                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1518457                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          365                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1430557                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          310                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       188878                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456882                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2547905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1943138     76.26%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248755      9.76%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125924      4.94%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94299      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75075      2.95%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30285      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18994      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10112      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1323      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2547905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           299     11.78%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          939     36.98%     48.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1301     51.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1203845     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21222      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129472      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75841      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1430557                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.499653                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2539                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5411868                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1707717                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407481                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1433096                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26189                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1506                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         14204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1208                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1518826                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143621                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76225                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1025                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12728                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13884                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        26612                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1409737                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121899                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20820                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             197725                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         199664                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            75826                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.492381                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1407560                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1407481                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          808587                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2181597                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.491593                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.370640                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1052568                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1295384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223380                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          357                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        23469                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2506830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1974573     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264197     10.54%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99360      3.96%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47530      1.90%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40307      1.61%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23095      0.92%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20042      0.80%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8886      0.35%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28840      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2506830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1052568                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1295384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               192131                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              117419                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           186790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1167176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        26704                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        28840                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3996741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3078692                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 34064                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                315196                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1052568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1295384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1052568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.720110                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.720110                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.367632                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.367632                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6343376                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1961393                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1410592                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         246627                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205563                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24157                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94101                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88308                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26095                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2136969                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1351803                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            246627                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       114403                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              280880                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         68273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       213131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          134426                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23038                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2674906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2394026     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          17092      0.64%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          21107      0.79%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          34396      1.29%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          14157      0.53%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          18787      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          21435      0.80%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          10223      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         143683      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2674906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086090                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.471874                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2124358                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       227169                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          279463                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        43743                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        37210                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1651951                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        43743                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2126968                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          6701                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       214027                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          276987                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         6473                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1641073                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          900                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4403                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2292554                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7626276                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7626276                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1881641                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         410913                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           23317                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       154906                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        79197                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        18070                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1599973                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1523417                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1807                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       216566                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454385                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2674906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.569522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.295811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2031045     75.93%     75.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       292526     10.94%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120227      4.49%     91.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67633      2.53%     93.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90829      3.40%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28791      1.08%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27915      1.04%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14743      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1197      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2674906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10494     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.89%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284085     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20613      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139666      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78866      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1523417                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.531780                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13313                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008739                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5736860                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1816930                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1480981                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1536730                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32636                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1443                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        43743                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          5083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          686                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1600358                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154906                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79197                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13574                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14126                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        27700                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1494827                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136873                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28590                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             215718                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         210665                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            78845                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.521800                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1480997                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1480981                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          887272                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2384367                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.516966                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1094482                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1348740                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251626                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        24193                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.512602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2059478     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       290185     11.03%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105370      4.00%     93.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52190      1.98%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47550      1.81%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20167      0.77%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20037      0.76%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9500      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26686      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1094482                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1348740                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               200024                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              122270                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           195441                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1214391                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        27865                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        26686                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4204843                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3244476                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 34445                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                189847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1094482                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1348740                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1094482                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.617451                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.617451                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.382051                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.382051                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6723121                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2071990                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1525129                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         210132                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171937                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22315                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87178                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80072                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21306                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008443                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1199470                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            210132                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       101378                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              262293                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         64214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       206693                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          125314                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22054                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2518954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2256661     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          27850      1.11%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          32186      1.28%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          17827      0.71%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          20160      0.80%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          11763      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           7806      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          20763      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         123938      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2518954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.073351                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.418699                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1991832                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       223958                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          259957                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        41129                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        34257                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1463669                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        41129                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1995359                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         18429                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       196506                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          258511                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         9016                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1461382                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2032385                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6802339                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6802339                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1703373                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         329012                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           26310                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       140447                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        75410                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        15790                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457365                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200517                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469559                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2518954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.237476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1943409     77.15%     77.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230913      9.17%     86.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124550      4.94%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86115      3.42%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75194      2.99%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38829      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9382      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6093      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4469      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2518954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           347     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1332     43.89%     55.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1356     44.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145192     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21293      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126645      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74678      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367974                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.477519                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5259915                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1658316                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1343203                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1371009                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3363                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27547                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        41129                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         13613                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457765                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140447                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75410                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12180                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13010                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25190                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346240                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118563                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21734                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             193199                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         187719                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            74636                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.469932                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1343294                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1343203                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          798874                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2092903                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.468872                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381706                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000165                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1227092                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230689                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22264                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2477825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1976304     79.76%     79.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232758      9.39%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97466      3.93%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58564      2.36%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40191      1.62%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26395      1.07%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13718      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10769      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21660      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2477825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1000165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1227092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               185975                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              112900                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           175582                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1106299                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        24962                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        21660                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3913933                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2956699                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32779                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                345799                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1000165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1227092                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1000165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.864280                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.864280                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.349128                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.349128                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6070688                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1866362                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1364390                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2864648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         164319                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       134086                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17686                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67150                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62282                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16272                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          774                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1589952                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts               971911                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            164319                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        78554                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              199184                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         55789                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       146752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines           99581                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17650                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      1973358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.953237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1774174     89.91%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          10429      0.53%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          16627      0.84%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          25063      1.27%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          10513      0.53%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          12039      0.61%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          13035      0.66%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9271      0.47%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         102207      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      1973358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.057361                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.339278                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1568777                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       168563                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          197596                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1248                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        37173                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        26536                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          299                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1178107                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        37173                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1572994                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         59396                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        96010                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          194711                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        13065                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1175137                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          969                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1608031                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5477312                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5477312                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1316387                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         291564                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          253                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           37696                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       119299                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        65599                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        12625                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1170869                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1089776                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1901                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183662                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428836                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1973358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1507712     76.40%     76.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189588      9.61%     86.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104461      5.29%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68714      3.48%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62107      3.15%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18973      0.96%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13909      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4775      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3119      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1973358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           299     11.54%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1098     42.39%     53.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1193     46.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       897403     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20016      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          120      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       107986      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64251      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1089776                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.380422                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2590                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002377                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4157401                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1354844                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1069571                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1092366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5108                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26062                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4564                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          868                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        37173                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         44332                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1549                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1171122                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       119299                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65599                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          837                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11009                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        20467                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1073699                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102222                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             166343                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         145527                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            64121                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.374810                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1069660                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1069571                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          633347                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1607404                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.373369                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.394019                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       788864                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps       962070                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209834                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          240                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        17978                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1936185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1545932     79.84%     79.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       185947      9.60%     89.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77162      3.99%     93.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39441      2.04%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29454      1.52%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16960      0.88%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10407      0.54%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8638      0.45%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22244      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1936185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       788864                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps       962070                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               154249                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads               93227                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               120                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           133587                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          869864                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        18786                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        22244                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3085845                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2381075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 28775                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                891290                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            788864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps              962070                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       788864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.631359                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.631359                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.275379                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.275379                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        4873691                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1461851                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1115884                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          240                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2864750                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         210788                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172505                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22385                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87438                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80319                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21360                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2014522                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1203233                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            210788                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       101679                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              263113                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         64410                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       208905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          125685                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22119                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2528191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2265078     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          27931      1.10%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          32288      1.28%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          17879      0.71%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          20236      0.80%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          11788      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7830      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          20824      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         124337      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2528191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073580                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.420013                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1997919                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       226166                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          260763                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2084                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        41255                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34345                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1468258                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        41255                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2001451                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         17091                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       200049                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          259318                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         9023                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1465904                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2038795                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6823453                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6823453                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1708765                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         330030                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           26358                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       140858                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        75617                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15847                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1461877                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1372303                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1981                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       201054                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       470588                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2528191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.237249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1950851     77.16%     77.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231607      9.16%     86.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124960      4.94%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86365      3.42%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75449      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38948      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9412      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6119      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4480      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2528191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           349     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1332     43.80%     55.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1360     44.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1148843     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21361      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127048      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74885      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1372303                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.479031                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3041                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002216                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5277819                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1663365                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1347430                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1375344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3362                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27612                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        41255                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         12281                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1217                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1462277                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140858                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75617                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          847                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12219                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13052                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25271                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1350467                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118921                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21836                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             193764                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         188309                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            74843                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.471408                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1347521                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1347430                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          801431                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2099841                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.470348                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381663                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1003275                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230931                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231362                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2486936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1983861     79.77%     79.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       233445      9.39%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97802      3.93%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58752      2.36%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40312      1.62%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26477      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13751      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10801      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21735      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2486936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1003275                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1230931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               186528                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              113246                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           176144                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1109733                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        25034                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        21735                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3927481                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2965849                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 32864                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                336559                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1003275                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1230931                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1003275                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.855399                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.855399                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.350214                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.350214                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6089707                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1872357                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1368607                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         221839                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181593                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90039                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84991                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22389                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1086                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2129777                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1241728                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            221839                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       107380                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              257710                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         64932                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       127873                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles          667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          131843                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23285                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2557244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2299534     89.92%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          11818      0.46%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          18654      0.73%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          25083      0.98%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          26575      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          22491      0.88%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          11897      0.47%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          18928      0.74%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         122264      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2557244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077437                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.433450                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2108744                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       150022                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          257088                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        40997                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        36245                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1521773                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        40997                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2114875                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         19838                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       116598                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          251355                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        13572                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1520542                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1803                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2122457                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7069593                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7069593                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1806693                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         315754                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           42261                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       143086                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        76343                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          853                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        17057                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1517641                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          368                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1430837                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186712                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       452621                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2557244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.559523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1953180     76.38%     76.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       247154      9.66%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125710      4.92%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95771      3.75%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75214      2.94%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29873      1.17%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19041      0.74%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9925      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1376      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2557244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           297     11.81%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          922     36.67%     48.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1295     51.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1203976     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21256      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129516      9.05%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75912      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1430837                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.499463                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2514                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5421856                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1704735                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407298                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1433351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2822                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25610                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1576                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        40997                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         16667                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1225                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1518013                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143086                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76343                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          188                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1039                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12830                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13837                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        26667                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1409491                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121793                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21346                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             197679                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         199754                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            75886                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.492011                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1407377                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1407298                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          808720                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2179497                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.491246                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371058                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1053401                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1296291                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221724                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        23507                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2516247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.515168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1984590     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       263338     10.47%     89.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99904      3.97%     93.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47244      1.88%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39484      1.57%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23201      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20693      0.82%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9030      0.36%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28763      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2516247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1053401                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1296291                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               192241                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              117474                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           186866                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1168024                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        26713                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        28763                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4005486                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3077042                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 34074                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                307509                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1053401                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1296291                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1053401                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.719528                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.719528                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.367711                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.367711                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6341469                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1962069                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1410199                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.847192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.946559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.137669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   101.198079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1829.564885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.011298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.049413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.893342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     208881853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      208881853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     208881853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150394445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191056274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150394445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191056274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150394445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191056274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840192.430168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941163.911330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840192.430168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941163.911330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840192.430168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941163.911330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          368                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.950059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         113838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        47.118377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.540531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.594843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   188.970014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1830.844671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.011521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.092271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.893967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   479                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 368                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66753667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    318067430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     384821097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66753667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    318067430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      384821097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66753667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    318067430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     384821097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.415744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.436019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.434475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.434475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2225122.233333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 941027.899408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1045709.502717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2225122.233333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 941027.899408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1045709.502717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2225122.233333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 941027.899408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1045709.502717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64119667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    288384828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352504495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64119667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    288384828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    352504495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64119667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    288384828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    352504495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.415744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2137322.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 853209.550296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957892.649457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2137322.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 853209.550296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957892.649457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2137322.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 853209.550296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957892.649457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          239                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.695155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                          52167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        22.810232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.219525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.587136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   113.148893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1876.739601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.012005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.055248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.916377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 239                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62548106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    188166864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     250714970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62548106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    188166864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      250714970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62548106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    188166864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     250714970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.373898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2316596.518519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 887579.547170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1049016.610879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2316596.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 887579.547170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1049016.610879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2316596.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 887579.547170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1049016.610879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     60177506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    169553264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229730770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     60177506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    169553264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229730770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     60177506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    169553264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229730770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.373898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2228796.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 799779.547170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961216.610879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2228796.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 799779.547170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961216.610879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2228796.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 799779.547170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961216.610879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          155                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.680751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        54.187727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.680751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    15.023370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    62.679957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1940.296673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.007336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.030605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.947410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 155                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51044136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122279777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     173323913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51044136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122279777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      173323913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51044136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122279777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     173323913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.310680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1890523.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955310.757812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1118218.793548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1890523.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955310.757812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1118218.793548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1890523.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955310.757812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1118218.793548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 66                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      66                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     48672163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111035434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159707597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     48672163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111035434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159707597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     48672163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111035434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159707597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.310680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802672.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867464.328125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030371.593548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802672.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867464.328125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030371.593548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802672.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867464.328125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030371.593548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          159                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.664624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        54.089383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.664624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.949053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    63.077513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1939.973434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.007299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.030800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.947253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 159                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59848942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110788973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     170637915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59848942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110788973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      170637915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59848942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110788973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     170637915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.317308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.358108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2216627.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 839310.401515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1073194.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2216627.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 839310.401515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1073194.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2216627.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 839310.401515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1073194.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57477343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     99196542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156673885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57477343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     99196542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156673885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57477343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     99196542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156673885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.317308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2128790.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751488.954545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985370.345912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2128790.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751488.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985370.345912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2128790.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751488.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985370.345912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          369                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.951130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         113837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        47.098469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.543210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.526743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   188.574746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1831.306431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.011488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.092078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.894193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          339                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 369                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61930389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    332533458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     394463847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61930389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    332533458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      394463847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61930389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    332533458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     394463847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.416974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.437204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.415441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.435655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.415441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.435655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2064346.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 980924.654867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1069007.715447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2064346.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 980924.654867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1069007.715447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2064346.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 980924.654867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1069007.715447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     59296389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    302769258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    362065647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     59296389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    302769258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    362065647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     59296389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    302769258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    362065647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.416974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.415441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.415441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1976546.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 893124.654867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 981207.715447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1976546.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 893124.654867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 981207.715447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1976546.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 893124.654867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 981207.715447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          238                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.689219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          52167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        22.820210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.217488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.824836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   112.453480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1879.193415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.054909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.917575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 238                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62502834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    200044600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     262547434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62502834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    200044600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      262547434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62502834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    200044600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     262547434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.400673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.398660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.398660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2500113.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 939176.525822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1103140.478992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2500113.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 939176.525822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1103140.478992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2500113.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 939176.525822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1103140.478992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60307834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    181334017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241641851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60307834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    181334017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    241641851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60307834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    181334017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    241641851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2412313.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 851333.413146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015301.894958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2412313.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 851333.413146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015301.894958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2412313.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 851333.413146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015301.894958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          367                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.950033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         113837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        47.137474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.539448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.591290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   188.435652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1831.383643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.011519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.092010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.894230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 367                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66864423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    325393998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     392258421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66864423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    325393998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      392258421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66864423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    325393998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     392258421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.415536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.435867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.414005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.434320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.414005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.434320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2228814.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 965560.824926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1068824.035422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2228814.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 965560.824926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1068824.035422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2228814.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 965560.824926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1068824.035422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64230350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    295801682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360032032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64230350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    295801682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    360032032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64230350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    295801682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    360032032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.415536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.414005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.414005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2141011.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 877749.798220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 981013.711172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2141011.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 877749.798220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 981013.711172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2141011.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 877749.798220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 981013.711172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          160                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.661934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         119214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        54.065306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.661934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    15.100979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    63.111423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1939.787599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.007374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.030816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.947162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 160                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55130177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    119402009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     174532186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55130177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    119402009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      174532186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55130177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    119402009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     174532186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.318945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.359551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2041858.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 897759.466165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1090826.162500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2041858.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 897759.466165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1090826.162500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2041858.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 897759.466165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1090826.162500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52759577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107723955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160483532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52759577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107723955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160483532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52759577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107723955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160483532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.318945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1954058.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 809954.548872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003022.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1954058.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 809954.548872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003022.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1954058.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 809954.548872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003022.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2046.849516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.942136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.140832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   101.386003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1829.380546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.049505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.893252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     46800105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    167227401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     214027506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     46800105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    167227401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      214027506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     46800105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    167227401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     214027506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1950004.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 934231.290503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1054322.689655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1950004.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 934231.290503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1054322.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1950004.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 934231.290503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1054322.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     44683155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    151435971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196119126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     44683155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    151435971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    196119126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     44683155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    151435971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    196119126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1861798.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 846011.011173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966104.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1861798.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 846011.011173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966104.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1861798.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 846011.011173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966104.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          155                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.676493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        54.187727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.676493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.903968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    62.756389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1940.339643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.030643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.947431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 156                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51934831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    109533117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     161467948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51934831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    109533117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      161467948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51934831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    109533117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     161467948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.312349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.353741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.351351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.351351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1923512.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 849093.930233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1035050.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1923512.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 849093.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1035050.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1923512.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 849093.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1035050.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 66                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      66                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49564231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98294717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147858948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49564231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98294717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147858948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49564231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98294717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147858948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.312349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1835712.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 761974.550388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947813.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1835712.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 761974.550388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947813.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1835712.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 761974.550388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947813.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         132606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        61.249885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.780575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    10.774877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    50.803647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1943.640901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.005261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.024806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.949043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          291                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9736568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     86187137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      95923705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9736568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     86187137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total       95923705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9736568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     86187137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total      95923705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 885142.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 828722.471154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 834119.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 885142.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 828722.471154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 834119.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 885142.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 828722.471154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 834119.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8769825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     77051534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85821359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8769825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     77051534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85821359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8769825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     77051534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85821359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 797256.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 740880.134615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746272.686957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 797256.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 740880.134615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746272.686957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 797256.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 740880.134615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746272.686957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2046.851360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.938853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.162662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   101.470192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1829.279652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.011310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.049546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.893203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     41936320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    164695031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     206631351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     41936320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    164695031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      206631351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     41936320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    164695031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     206631351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1747346.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 920083.972067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1017888.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1747346.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 920083.972067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1017888.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1747346.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 920083.972067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1017888.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     39829120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    148977606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    188806726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     39829120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    148977606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    188806726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     39829120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    148977606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    188806726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1659546.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 832277.128492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 930082.394089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1659546.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 832277.128492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 930082.394089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1659546.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 832277.128492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 930082.394089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          552                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2044.229149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                          87068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        33.513472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.045401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    11.895258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   239.390399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1658.898091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.064964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.005808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.116890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.810009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.998159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            397                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 397                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          352                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   352                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 551                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9311658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    499841537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     509153195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42623563                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     42623563                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9311658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    542465100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      551776758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9311658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    542465100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     551776758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          397                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             397                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.583924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.590221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.604494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.610188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.604494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.610188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 716281.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1011824.973684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1004246.932939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 968717.340909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 968717.340909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 716281.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1008299.442379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1001409.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 716281.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1008299.442379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1001409.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                299                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     299                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8169913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    456457882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464627795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     38760363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38760363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8169913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    495218245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    503388158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8169913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    495218245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    503388158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.583924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.604494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.604494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 628454.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 924003.809717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 916425.631164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 880917.340909                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880917.340909                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 628454.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 920480.009294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913590.123412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 628454.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 920480.009294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913590.123412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2046.843074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.945223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.125307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   101.308638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1829.463906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.011292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.049467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.893293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49543579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    161687131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     211230710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49543579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    161687131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      211230710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49543579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    161687131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     211230710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2064315.791667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 903280.061453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1040545.369458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2064315.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 903280.061453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1040545.369458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2064315.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 903280.061453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1040545.369458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     47436379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    145965223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193401602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     47436379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    145965223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193401602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     47436379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    145965223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193401602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1976515.791667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 815448.173184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952717.251232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1976515.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 815448.173184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952717.251232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1976515.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 815448.173184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952717.251232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          159                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.665859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        54.089383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.665859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    15.092423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    62.943716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1939.963861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.007369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.030734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.947248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 159                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46546559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    121021392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     167567951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46546559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    121021392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      167567951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46546559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    121021392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     167567951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.317308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.358108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.315036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.315036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1723946.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 916828.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1053886.484277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1723946.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 916828.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1053886.484277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1723946.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 916828.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1053886.484277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44175959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    109427118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153603077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44175959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    109427118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    153603077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44175959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    109427118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    153603077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.317308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.315036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.315036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1636146.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 828993.318182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966057.088050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1636146.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 828993.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966057.088050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1636146.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 828993.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966057.088050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.095151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1479552.708087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.095151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.038614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             141900.997599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   182.362257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    73.637743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.712353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.287647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    764181913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    764181913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    795477095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    795477095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 393097.691872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 393097.691872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193529094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193529094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 337158.700348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337158.700348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              565.979654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              768702867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1339203.601045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.209906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.769748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.038798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.868221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         119535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        119535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93427058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93427058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93427058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93427058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93427058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93427058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       119583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       119583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1946397.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1946397.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1946397.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1946397.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1946397.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1946397.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1213441                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 606720.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67069737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67069737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67069737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67069737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67069737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67069737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2163539.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163539.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2163539.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163539.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2163539.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163539.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  816                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              289291340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             269861.324627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   110.598283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   145.401717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.432025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.567975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       306205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        306205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       166820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       166820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       473025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         473025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       473025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        473025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1393540542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1393540542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       768788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       768788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1394309330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1394309330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1394309330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1394309330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       309193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       309193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       166830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       166830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       476023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       476023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       476023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       476023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 466379.030120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466379.030120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 76878.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76878.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 465079.829887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 465079.829887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 465079.829887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 465079.829887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    353311722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    353311722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    353504022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    353504022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    353504022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    353504022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 434577.763838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 434577.763838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 433215.713235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 433215.713235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 433215.713235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 433215.713235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              550.585662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              646509500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1166984.657040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    25.469971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.115691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.040817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         125939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        125939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84804272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84804272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84804272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84804272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84804272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84804272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       125975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       125975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       125975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       125975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       125975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2355674.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2355674.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2355674.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2355674.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2355674.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2355674.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62839093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62839093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62839093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62839093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62839093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62839093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2244253.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244253.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2244253.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244253.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2244253.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244253.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              151269575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             183135.078692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   152.092786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   103.907214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.594112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.405888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       187998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        187998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       219809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         219809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       219809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        219809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    979917901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    979917901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       941733                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       941733                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    980859634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    980859634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    980859634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    980859634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       189985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       189985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       221807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       221807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 493164.519879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493164.519879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85612.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85612.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 490920.737738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490920.737738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 490920.737738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490920.737738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    213283210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    213283210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    213475510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    213475510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    213475510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    213475510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 376160.864198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 376160.864198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 374518.438596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 374518.438596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 374518.438596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 374518.438596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              490.127806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              749565504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1490189.868787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    15.127806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.024243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       131561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       131561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         131561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       131561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        131561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56231273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56231273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56231273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     56231273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56231273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     56231273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       131597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       131597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       131597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       131597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       131597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1561979.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1561979.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       255554                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       255554                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51366003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51366003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51366003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51366003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51366003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51366003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1834500.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834500.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              113243456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             168768.190760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   141.571502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   114.428498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.553014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.446986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        89312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        74264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       163576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         163576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       163576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        163576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    479227656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    479227656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1340008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1340008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    480567664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    480567664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    480567664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    480567664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        90622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        74280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       164902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       164902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       164902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       164902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 365822.638168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 365822.638168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83750.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83750.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 362419.052790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 362419.052790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 362419.052790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 362419.052790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    141837914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141837914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       202104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       202104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    142040018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    142040018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    142040018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    142040018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 344266.781553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344266.781553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        67368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342265.103614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342265.103614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342265.103614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342265.103614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              490.058791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              749565613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1490190.085487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    15.058791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.024133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       131670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       131670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         131670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       131670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        131670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87738644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87738644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87738644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87738644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87738644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87738644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       131718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       131718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       131718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       131718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       131718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1827888.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1827888.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1827888.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1827888.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1827888.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1827888.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60137527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60137527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60137527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60137527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60137527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60137527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2147768.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2147768.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2147768.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2147768.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2147768.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2147768.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  419                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              113243811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             167768.608889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   141.974018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   114.025982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.554586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.445414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        89481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        74446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         163927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        163927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    449913078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    449913078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1163094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1163094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    451076172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    451076172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    451076172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    451076172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        90806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        74460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       165266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       165266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 339557.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339557.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 83078.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83078.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336875.408514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336875.408514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336875.408514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336875.408514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130414239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130414239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130606539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130606539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130606539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130606539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 313495.766827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313495.766827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 311710.116945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311710.116945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 311710.116945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311710.116945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              565.915978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              768702116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1339202.292683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.137383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.778595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.038682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.868235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       118784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       118784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         118784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       118784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        118784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86887044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86887044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86887044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86887044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86887044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86887044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       118829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       118829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       118829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       118829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       118829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1930823.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1930823.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1930823.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1930823.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1930823.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1930823.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       567894                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       283947                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     62245768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62245768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     62245768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62245768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     62245768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62245768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2007928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2007928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2007928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2007928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2007928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2007928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  816                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              289286450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             269856.763060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   110.456592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   145.543408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.431471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.568529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       302955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        302955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       165180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       165180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       468135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         468135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       468135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        468135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1447454196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1447454196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       770054                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       770054                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1448224250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1448224250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1448224250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1448224250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       305931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       305931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       165190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       165190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       471121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       471121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       471121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       471121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 486375.737903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486375.737903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 77005.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77005.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 485004.772271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 485004.772271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 485004.772271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 485004.772271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2170                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2170                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    367736722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    367736722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    367929022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    367929022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    367929022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    367929022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 452320.691267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452320.691267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 450893.409314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450893.409314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 450893.409314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450893.409314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              548.824566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              646508473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1171211.001812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.708189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.116377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.037994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       124912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       124912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         124912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       124912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        124912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87318399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87318399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87318399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87318399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87318399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87318399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       124947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       124947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       124947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       124947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       124947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2494811.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2494811.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2494811.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2494811.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2494811.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2494811.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62776340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62776340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62776340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62776340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62776340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62776340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2414474.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2414474.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2414474.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2414474.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2414474.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2414474.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              151267422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             182911.030230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   151.814543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   104.185457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.593026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.406974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       185845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        185845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       217656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         217656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       217656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        217656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1035918648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1035918648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       940454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       940454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1036859102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1036859102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1036859102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1036859102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       187856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       187856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       219678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       219678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       219678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       219678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 515126.130283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 515126.130283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85495.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85495.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 512788.873393                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 512788.873393                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 512788.873393                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 512788.873393                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    225170208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225170208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    225362508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225362508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    225362508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225362508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 396426.422535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 396426.422535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 394680.399299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 394680.399299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 394680.399299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 394680.399299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              565.976320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              768702527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1339203.008711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.206146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.770174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.038792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.868221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         119195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        119195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94405738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94405738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94405738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94405738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94405738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94405738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       119243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       119243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1966786.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1966786.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1966786.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1966786.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1966786.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1966786.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1229381                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 614690.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67182633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67182633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67182633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67182633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67182633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67182633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2167181.709677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2167181.709677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2167181.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2167181.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2167181.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2167181.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  814                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              289289527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             270364.043925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   110.589806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   145.410194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.431991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.568009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       304997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        304997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       166215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       166215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       471212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         471212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       471212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        471212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1435917419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1435917419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       768488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       768488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1436685907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1436685907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1436685907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1436685907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       307977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       307977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       166225                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       166225                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       474202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       474202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       474202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       474202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 481851.482886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 481851.482886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76848.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76848.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 480496.958863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 480496.958863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 480496.958863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 480496.958863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    360584292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360584292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    360776592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    360776592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    360776592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    360776592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 444616.882861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444616.882861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 443214.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443214.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 443214.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443214.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              490.211706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              749565858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1490190.572565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    15.211706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.024378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       131915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       131915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         131915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       131915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        131915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61190040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61190040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61190040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61190040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61190040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61190040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       131957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       131957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       131957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       131957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       131957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1456905.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1456905.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1456905.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1456905.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1456905.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1456905.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       270631                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       270631                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55423503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55423503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55423503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55423503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55423503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55423503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1979410.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1979410.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1979410.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1979410.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1979410.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1979410.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  420                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              113243960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             167520.650888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   141.983515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   114.016485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.554623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.445377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        89580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        74496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       164076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         164076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       164076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        164076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    453733461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    453733461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1269144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1269144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    455002605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    455002605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    455002605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    455002605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        90903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        74512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       165415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       165415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.014554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 342958.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342958.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 79321.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79321.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339807.770724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339807.770724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339807.770724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339807.770724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    139003646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139003646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    139195946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    139195946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    139195946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    139195946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 333342.076739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333342.076739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 331418.919048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331418.919048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 331418.919048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331418.919048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              506.098554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750133178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1479552.619329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.098554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.038619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         125216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        125216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78187156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78187156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78187156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78187156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78187156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78187156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       125256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       125256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1954678.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1954678.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1954678.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1954678.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1954678.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1954678.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     47065055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47065055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     47065055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47065055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     47065055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47065055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1882602.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1882602.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1882602.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1882602.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1882602.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1882602.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              118203475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             141900.930372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   182.495059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    73.504941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.712871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.287129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        86771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        72603                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72603                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       159374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         159374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       159374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        159374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    768934763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    768934763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     53050136                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53050136                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    821984899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    821984899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    821984899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    821984899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        88715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       161383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       161383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 395542.573560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 395542.573560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 816155.938462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816155.938462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 409151.268790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 409151.268790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 409151.268790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 409151.268790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    194639490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194639490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    194831790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    194831790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    194831790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    194831790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 339093.188153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339093.188153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 337663.414211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337663.414211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 337663.414211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337663.414211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              490.009751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              749565508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1490189.876740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.009751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.024054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         131565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        131565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69311737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69311737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69311737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69311737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69311737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69311737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       131605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       131605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1732793.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1732793.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52223232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52223232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52223232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52223232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52223232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52223232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1865115.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865115.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              113243635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             168768.457526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   141.655780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   114.344220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.553343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.446657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        89404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        74351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       163755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         163755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       163755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        163755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    445632041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    445632041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1156692                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1156692                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    446788733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    446788733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    446788733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    446788733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        90720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        74365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       165085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       165085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 338626.170973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338626.170973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82620.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82620.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    129123534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129123534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    129315834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129315834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    129315834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129315834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 312647.782082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 312647.782082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              465.774068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              753010662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1615902.708155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    10.774068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.017266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       134410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       134410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         134410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       134410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        134410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12730710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12730710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12730710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12730710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12730710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12730710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       134426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       134426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       134426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       134426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       134426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 795669.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 795669.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 795669.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 795669.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 795669.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 795669.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9827868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9827868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9827868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9827868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9827868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9827868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 893442.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 893442.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 893442.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 893442.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 893442.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 893442.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              109344765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             167964.308756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   133.567683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   122.432317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.521749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.478251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       105124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        105124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        77379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       182503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         182503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       182503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        182503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    246326585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    246326585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    246326585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    246326585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    246326585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    246326585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       106144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        77379                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77379                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       183523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       183523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 241496.651961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 241496.651961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 241496.651961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 241496.651961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 241496.651961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 241496.651961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    105998396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105998396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    105998396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105998396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    105998396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105998396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 268350.369620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268350.369620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 268350.369620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268350.369620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 268350.369620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268350.369620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              506.121352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750133236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1479552.733728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.121352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.038656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         125274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        125274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71201404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71201404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71201404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71201404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71201404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71201404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       125314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       125314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1780035.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1780035.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1780035.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1780035.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1780035.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1780035.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     42201104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42201104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     42201104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42201104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     42201104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42201104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1688044.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1688044.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1688044.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1688044.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1688044.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1688044.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              118203555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             141901.026411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   182.644654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    73.355346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.713456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.286544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        86811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        72643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       159454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         159454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       159454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        159454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    772241000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    772241000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     20416644                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     20416644                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    792657644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    792657644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    792657644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    792657644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        88755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72708                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72708                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       161463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       161463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 397243.312757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 397243.312757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 314102.215385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 314102.215385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 394553.332006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 394553.332006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 394553.332006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 394553.332006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    192099903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    192099903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    192292203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    192292203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    192292203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    192292203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 334668.820557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334668.820557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 333262.050260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333262.050260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 333262.050260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333262.050260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              502.550659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              753291411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1497597.238569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.550659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.020113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        99567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         99567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        99567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total          99567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        99567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total         99567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10191091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10191091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10191091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10191091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10191091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10191091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        99581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        99581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total        99581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        99581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total        99581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 727935.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 727935.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 727935.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 727935.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 727935.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 727935.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9419782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9419782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9419782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9419782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9419782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9419782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 724598.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724598.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 724598.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724598.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 724598.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724598.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  890                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              125501691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             109512.819372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   185.068273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    70.931727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.722923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.277077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        75075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         75075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        60329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       135404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         135404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       135404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        135404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          373                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          373                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1289466486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1289466486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    359291718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    359291718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1648758204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1648758204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1648758204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1648758204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        77186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        60702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        60702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       137888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       137888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       137888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       137888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.027350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.018015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.018015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 610832.063477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 610832.063477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 963248.573727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 963248.573727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 663751.289855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 663751.289855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 663751.289855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 663751.289855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    527561280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    527561280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42988763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42988763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    570550043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    570550043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    570550043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    570550043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 623594.893617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 623594.893617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 977017.340909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 977017.340909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 641067.464045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 641067.464045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 641067.464045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 641067.464045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              506.082325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750133605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1479553.461538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.082325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.038593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         125643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        125643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85494590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85494590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85494590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85494590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85494590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85494590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       125685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       125685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2035585.476190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2035585.476190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2035585.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2035585.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2035585.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2035585.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49808431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49808431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49808431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49808431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49808431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49808431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1992337.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992337.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1992337.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992337.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1992337.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992337.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              118204010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             141901.572629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   182.238055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    73.761945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.711867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.288133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        87059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        72850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         159909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        159909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    752175161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    752175161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     53048654                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53048654                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    805223815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    805223815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    805223815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    805223815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        89003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        89003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       161918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       161918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 386921.379115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 386921.379115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 816133.138462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816133.138462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 400808.270284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 400808.270284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 400808.270284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 400808.270284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189088629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189088629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189280929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189280929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189280929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189280929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 329422.698606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329422.698606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 328043.204506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328043.204506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 328043.204506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328043.204506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              490.201846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              749565749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1490190.355865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    15.201846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.024362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       131806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       131806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         131806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       131806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        131806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     51084827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51084827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     51084827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51084827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     51084827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51084827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       131842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       131842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       131842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       131842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       131842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1419022.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1419022.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1419022.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1419022.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1419022.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1419022.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       288553                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       288553                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46839471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46839471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46839471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46839471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46839471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46839471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1672838.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672838.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1672838.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672838.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1672838.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672838.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  419                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              113243772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             167768.551111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   141.810456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   114.189544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.553947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.446053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        89486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        74402                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74402                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       163888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         163888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       163888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        163888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    454219365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    454219365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1268448                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1268448                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    455487813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    455487813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    455487813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    455487813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        90807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        74418                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74418                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       165225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       165225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.014547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 343845.090840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 343845.090840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        79278                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        79278                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 340678.992521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340678.992521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 340678.992521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340678.992521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          918                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          918                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    140614159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    140614159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    140806459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    140806459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    140806459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    140806459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 338014.805288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338014.805288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 336053.601432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336053.601432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 336053.601432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336053.601432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
