
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001101                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1101171900                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398684895045                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 389052                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   512178                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  36924                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67620556                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29822.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11602463884                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15274375981                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        73984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        75136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        27392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        19584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        13440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        28160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        14208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        49792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        19584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        50048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        17664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        27520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               536064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           46336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       198528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            198528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          587                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1551                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1551                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1511117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     67186604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1511117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     68232762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3022235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24875317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3370954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17784689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2441036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     12205179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2673515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     12786378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3022235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     25572756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2557276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     12902618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3022235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     24642837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1627357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     45217282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2441036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     12088939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3603434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     17784689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1743597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     45449761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3370954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     16971011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3138475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     16041092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3022235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     24991557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               486812277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1511117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1511117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3022235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3370954                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2441036                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2673515                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3022235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2557276                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3022235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1627357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2441036                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3603434                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1743597                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3370954                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3138475                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3022235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           42078807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         180287928                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              180287928                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         180287928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1511117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     67186604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1511117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     68232762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3022235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24875317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3370954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17784689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2441036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     12205179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2673515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     12786378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3022235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     25572756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2557276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     12902618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3022235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     24642837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1627357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     45217282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2441036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     12088939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3603434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     17784689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1743597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     45449761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3370954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     16971011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3138475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     16041092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3022235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     24991557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              667100205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2640701                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         206104                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168113                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21567                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83670                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78635                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20521                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          940                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1997426                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1219695                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            206104                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        99156                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              250215                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         67502                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        67757                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124541                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21615                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2360547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2110332     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13140      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          20932      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31710      1.34%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13187      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15555      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16290      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11446      0.48%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         127955      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2360547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.078049                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461883                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1971894                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        93926                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248509                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1396                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        44821                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33419                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1478521                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        44821                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1976895                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         42380                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        35985                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          245037                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        15417                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1475801                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          959                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2670                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         7916                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2018440                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6878408                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6878408                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         349442                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          323                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           44813                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       148958                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82912                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4175                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15914                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1471127                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1374988                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2060                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       223699                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       510992                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2360547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1775456     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236915     10.04%     85.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131202      5.56%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86071      3.65%     94.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78857      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24272      1.03%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17726      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6072      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3976      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2360547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           405     12.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1388     41.13%     53.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1582     46.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132076     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25311      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136155      9.90%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81293      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1374988                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.520691                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3375                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002455                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5115957                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1695214                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350089                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1378363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6604                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30855                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5607                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1133                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        44821                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         31498                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1701                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1471449                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148958                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82912                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          929                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11819                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13268                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25087                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1355272                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129019                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19715                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             210154                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183776                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            81135                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.513224                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350193                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350089                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798512                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2025405                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.511262                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.394248                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       253336                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21978                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2315726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1821606     78.66%     78.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       235139     10.15%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97665      4.22%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50282      2.17%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37298      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21331      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13036      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11000      0.48%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28369      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2315726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28369                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3760023                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2990177                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35398                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                280154                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.640696                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.640696                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.378688                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.378688                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6151381                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1844351                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1401520                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2640701                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         206089                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168109                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21618                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83988                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78590                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20528                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          947                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1997420                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1219199                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            206089                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        99118                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              250158                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         67441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        66846                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          124591                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21668                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2359462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2109304     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          13195      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20878      0.88%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          31776      1.35%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          13249      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          15480      0.66%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          16097      0.68%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          11413      0.48%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         128070      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2359462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.078043                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461695                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1971834                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        93094                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          248409                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1414                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        44710                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        33404                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1477905                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        44710                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1976851                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         42202                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        35528                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          244945                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        15214                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1475063                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          794                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2670                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         7906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          948                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2018587                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6874747                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6874747                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1668921                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         349662                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          326                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           44977                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       148702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        82827                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4194                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        15914                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1470273                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          325                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1374268                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2062                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222419                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       509712                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2359462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1774548     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236753     10.03%     85.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131449      5.57%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86051      3.65%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78698      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24206      1.03%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17662      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6090      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4005      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2359462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           398     11.69%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1404     41.25%     52.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1602     47.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1131613     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25307      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       135923      9.89%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81272      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1374268                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.520418                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3404                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002477                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5113464                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1693083                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1349415                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1377672                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6512                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30606                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5529                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1144                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        44710                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         30290                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1611                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1470598                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82827                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          833                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           45                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11803                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        25138                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1354462                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128779                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19806                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             209902                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         183739                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            81123                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.512918                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1349530                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1349415                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          798364                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2023885                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.511006                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394471                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999950                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219270                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       252621                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        22028                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2314752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1820908     78.67%     78.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       235001     10.15%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97543      4.21%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50237      2.17%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37256      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21259      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13087      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11057      0.48%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28404      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2314752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       999950                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1219270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               195388                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              118094                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           169335                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1102309                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        23771                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        28404                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3758239                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2988512                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 35475                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                281239                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            999950                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1219270                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       999950                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.640833                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.640833                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.378668                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.378668                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6147349                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1844167                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1400920                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2640701                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         203505                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179592                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18327                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130737                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124306                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12828                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          597                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2102046                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1154052                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            203505                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       137134                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              255151                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         59639                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        33117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          129140                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17801                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2431513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.536834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.797077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2176362     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          36990      1.52%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          20683      0.85%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          36276      1.49%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          12576      0.52%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          33362      1.37%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           5637      0.23%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           9817      0.40%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          99810      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2431513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077065                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.437025                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2084513                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        51455                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          254431                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          330                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        40781                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        20645                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          419                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1300411                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1716                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        40781                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2086853                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         28806                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        15849                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          252222                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         6999                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1297603                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1712142                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5897019                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5897019                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1353716                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         358400                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           18323                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       225149                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        40119                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          407                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8867                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1288476                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          189                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1194146                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1166                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       254159                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       540237                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2431513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1911874     78.63%     78.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167728      6.90%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166470      6.85%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98532      4.05%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55016      2.26%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14632      0.60%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16505      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          420      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          336      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2431513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2274     58.46%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          894     22.98%     81.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          722     18.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       942004     78.89%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9849      0.82%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       202706     16.97%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39499      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1194146                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.452208                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3890                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003258                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4824861                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1542842                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1160844                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1198036                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1145                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50624                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1616                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        40781                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         21811                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          894                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1288670                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          172                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225149                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40119                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          483                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10941                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8469                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        19410                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1176503                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199306                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17643                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             238778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         177490                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            39472                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.445527                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1161458                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1160844                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          700355                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1566359                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.439597                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.447123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       909060                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1031321                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       257388                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        18009                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2390732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2002432     83.76%     83.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155351      6.50%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96410      4.03%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31356      1.31%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50197      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10638      0.44%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6803      0.28%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6074      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31471      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2390732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       909060                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1031321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               213021                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              174518                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           157465                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          903784                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        31471                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3647957                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2618250                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 48400                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                209188                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            909060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1031321                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       909060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.904870                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.904870                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.344250                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.344250                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5451019                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1522826                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1362478                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2640701                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         217061                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       177596                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23068                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88695                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83277                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21851                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1051                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2083084                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1214303                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            217061                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       105128                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              251995                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         63866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        50679                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          129130                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22923                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2426293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2174298     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11548      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18233      0.75%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          24479      1.01%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          25887      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          21956      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11813      0.49%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          18487      0.76%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         119592      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2426293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082198                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.459841                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2061501                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        72742                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          251327                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          424                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        40294                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        35527                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1488458                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1294                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        40294                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2067663                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         15609                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        43670                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          245634                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        13418                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1486950                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2075069                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6913200                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6913200                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1765845                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         309224                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           42289                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       140260                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        74468                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          897                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        30481                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1483941                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1398109                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          285                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183537                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       447801                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2426293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1825554     75.24%     75.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       254325     10.48%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126894      5.23%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89326      3.68%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71087      2.93%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29286      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18813      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9702      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1306      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2426293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     12.95%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          948     37.19%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1271     49.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1176632     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20723      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126478      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74102      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1398109                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.529446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2549                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001823                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5225345                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1667855                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1375045                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400658                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2774                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25467                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1475                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        40294                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         12441                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1378                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1484307                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140260                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74468                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1157                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12617                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13521                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        26138                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1377222                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118958                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20887                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             193032                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         195336                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            74074                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.521537                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1375120                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1375045                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          790435                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2130971                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.520712                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370927                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1029353                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1266594                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217716                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        23126                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2385999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1857871     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266172     11.16%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96370      4.04%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45764      1.92%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44402      1.86%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22862      0.96%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16547      0.69%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8898      0.37%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27113      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2385999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1029353                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1266594                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               187786                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              114793                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           182679                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1141152                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        26071                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        27113                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3843183                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3008922                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 33601                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                214408                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1029353                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1266594                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1029353                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.565399                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.565399                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.389803                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.389803                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6195590                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1916894                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1378686                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2640701                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         240257                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       199961                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23264                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92140                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85455                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25514                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1080                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2079785                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1317300                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            240257                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       110969                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              273675                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         65555                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        61443                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          130518                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22160                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2456973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2183298     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          16626      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          20844      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          33374      1.36%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          13680      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          18110      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          21037      0.86%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9883      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         140121      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2456973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090982                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.498845                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2067651                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        75004                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          272313                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          148                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41853                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        36465                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1609123                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1283                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41853                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2070231                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          5629                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        63145                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          269856                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         6255                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1598173                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2233187                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7427036                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7427036                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1839732                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         393455                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          208                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           23130                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       150953                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        77500                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          942                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        17371                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1558517                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1486333                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1854                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206268                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431572                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2456973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1828550     74.42%     74.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       285413     11.62%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117824      4.80%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65569      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89135      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27681      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27173      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14442      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1186      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2456973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10355     78.95%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1427     10.88%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1334     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1251912     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20173      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136919      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77147      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1486333                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.562855                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13116                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5444609                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1765197                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1445356                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1499449                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1084                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31366                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1575                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41853                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          4195                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          522                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1558911                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150953                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77500                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          208                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          441                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12951                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13535                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        26486                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1458947                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134099                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27386                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             211220                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         205934                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            77121                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.552485                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1445401                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1445356                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          865896                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2324820                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.547338                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372457                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1070299                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1318784                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240139                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          370                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        23256                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2415120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1856290     76.86%     76.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       283728     11.75%     88.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102550      4.25%     92.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51280      2.12%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46665      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19761      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19442      0.81%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9233      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26171      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2415120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1070299                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1318784                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               195512                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              119587                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           191220                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1187241                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        27216                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        26171                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3947859                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3159703                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32844                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                183728                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1070299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1318784                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1070299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.467255                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.467255                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.405309                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.405309                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6561674                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2021781                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1486989                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2640694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         240243                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       199973                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23174                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92247                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85623                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25493                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1074                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2079424                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1317845                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            240243                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       111116                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              273805                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         65095                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        61603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          130420                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22029                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2456533                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2182728     88.85%     88.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          16572      0.67%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          21087      0.86%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          33364      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          13687      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          18050      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          20984      0.85%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           9831      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         140230      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2456533                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090977                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.499053                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2067360                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        75143                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          272401                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          143                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        41482                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        36447                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1609082                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1288                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        41482                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2069951                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          5578                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        63277                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          269931                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         6310                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1597897                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4482                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2233048                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7426343                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7426343                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1843026                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         390022                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           23115                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       150584                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        77598                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          899                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        17404                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1558955                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          385                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1487963                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1779                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204196                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425718                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2456533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1827540     74.40%     74.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       285380     11.62%     86.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118076      4.81%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65999      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        88753      3.61%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27983      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27284      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14341      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1177      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2456533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10287     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1427     10.93%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1338     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1253367     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20265      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136917      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77232      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1487963                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.563474                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13052                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008772                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5447290                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1763557                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1447194                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1501015                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1046                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30796                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1549                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        41482                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          4103                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          538                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1559340                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1202                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150584                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77598                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          465                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13005                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13469                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        26474                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1460760                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134181                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27203                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             211386                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         206252                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            77205                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.553173                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1447240                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1447194                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          867387                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2328411                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.548035                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372523                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1072203                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1321126                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238223                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          370                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        23160                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2415051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.547039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1855305     76.82%     76.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284038     11.76%     88.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102789      4.26%     92.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51491      2.13%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46704      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19783      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19450      0.81%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9322      0.39%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26169      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2415051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1072203                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1321126                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               195837                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              119788                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           191559                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1189339                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        27260                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        26169                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3948218                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3160186                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 32709                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                184161                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1072203                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1321126                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1072203                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.462868                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.462868                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.406031                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.406031                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6569627                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       2024504                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1487663                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2640701                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         203500                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179539                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18382                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130240                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124002                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12892                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          598                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2102199                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1155060                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            203500                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       136894                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              255146                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         60045                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        32615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          129204                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17862                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2431509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2176363     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          37027      1.52%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20439      0.84%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          36151      1.49%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          12690      0.52%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          33163      1.36%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5564      0.23%     95.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          10141      0.42%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          99971      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2431509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077063                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.437407                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2084601                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        51021                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          254429                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          322                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        41133                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        20688                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          418                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1302184                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1706                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        41133                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2086976                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         28286                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        16012                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          252170                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         6929                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1299329                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1714286                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5905397                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5905397                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1352636                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         361627                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           18203                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       225436                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        40203                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          374                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8929                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1290101                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          189                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1194616                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1218                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       256775                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       547471                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2431509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.114236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1911953     78.63%     78.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167581      6.89%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166352      6.84%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98376      4.05%     96.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55313      2.27%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14756      0.61%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16408      0.67%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          437      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          333      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2431509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2256     58.08%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          905     23.30%     81.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          723     18.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       942256     78.88%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9885      0.83%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       202829     16.98%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39558      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1194616                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.452386                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3884                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003251                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4825843                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1547082                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1161042                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1198500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1160                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51191                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1700                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        41133                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         21199                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          886                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1290295                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          182                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225436                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40203                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          474                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10854                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8559                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        19413                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1176916                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199353                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17700                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             238879                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         177358                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            39526                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.445683                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1161664                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1161042                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          700300                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1567034                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.439672                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.446895                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       908148                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1030409                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       259931                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        18068                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2390376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.293887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2002560     83.78%     83.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       154991      6.48%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96418      4.03%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31351      1.31%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50114      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10549      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6860      0.29%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6096      0.26%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31437      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2390376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       908148                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1030409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               212746                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              174243                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           157317                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          903020                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        31437                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3649266                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2621852                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 48521                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                209192                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            908148                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1030409                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       908148                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.907787                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.907787                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.343904                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.343904                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5452235                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1523222                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1363362                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2640701                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         240083                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       199802                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23225                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92026                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85427                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25494                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1069                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2078887                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1316453                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            240083                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       110921                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              273483                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         65401                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        61562                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          130412                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22122                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2455885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2182402     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          16626      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20846      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          33323      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          13651      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          18072      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          21030      0.86%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9862      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         140073      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2455885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090916                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.498524                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2066818                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        75056                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          272133                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          141                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        41733                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        36452                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          221                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1608097                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1298                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        41733                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2069378                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          5660                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        63223                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          269688                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6199                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1597268                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          759                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4375                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2231843                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7423130                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7423130                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1839919                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         391906                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          381                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           22982                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       150821                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        77492                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          930                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        17371                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1557805                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          384                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1486180                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1838                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205346                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429097                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2455885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605150                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1827502     74.41%     74.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       285514     11.63%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117667      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65632      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89012      3.62%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27727      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27239      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14417      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1175      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2455885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10359     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1428     10.88%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1335     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1251776     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20165      1.36%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136906      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77151      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1486180                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.562798                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13122                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008829                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5443204                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1763556                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1445238                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1499302                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1071                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31223                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1564                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        41733                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4213                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          523                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1558189                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150821                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77492                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          438                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12905                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13519                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        26424                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1458834                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134073                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             211196                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         205920                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            77123                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.552442                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1445278                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1445238                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          865819                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2324855                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.547293                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372418                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1070407                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1318907                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239287                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          370                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        23213                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2414152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1855348     76.85%     76.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       283677     11.75%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102542      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51264      2.12%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46721      1.94%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19769      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19400      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9223      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26208      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2414152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1070407                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1318907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               195523                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              119595                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           191237                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1187351                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        27218                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        26208                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3946125                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3158137                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32782                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                184816                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1070407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1318907                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1070407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.467006                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.467006                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.405350                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.405350                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6561217                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2021542                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1486112                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2640701                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         203349                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179444                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18319                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130340                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124163                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12930                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          611                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2101922                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1153795                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            203349                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       137093                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              255098                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         59757                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        32725                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          129152                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17809                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2431070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.797740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2175972     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          36945      1.52%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20681      0.85%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          36210      1.49%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          12502      0.51%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          33349      1.37%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           5603      0.23%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          10035      0.41%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          99773      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2431070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077006                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.436928                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2084718                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        50707                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          254391                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          342                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        40909                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        20663                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          416                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1300998                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1711                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        40909                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2087028                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         28237                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        15811                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          252212                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         6870                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1298310                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1712897                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5901114                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5901114                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1353294                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         359577                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           18141                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       225194                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        40162                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          352                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8930                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1289341                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          187                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1194815                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1200                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       255544                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       542481                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2431070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.114100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1911346     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167487      6.89%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166545      6.85%     92.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98691      4.06%     96.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55083      2.27%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14775      0.61%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16380      0.67%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          426      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          337      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2431070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2253     58.01%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          912     23.48%     81.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          719     18.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       942439     78.88%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9877      0.83%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       202838     16.98%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39573      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1194815                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.452461                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3884                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003251                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4825784                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545091                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1161355                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1198699                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1160                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50774                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1660                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        40909                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         21475                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          861                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1289532                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225194                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40162                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           97                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          454                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10928                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8424                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        19352                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1176998                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199186                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17817                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             238734                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         177410                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            39548                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.445714                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1161959                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1161355                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          700543                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1568484                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.439790                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.446637                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       908705                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1030966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       258603                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        18003                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2390161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2002103     83.76%     83.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155180      6.49%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96438      4.03%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31424      1.31%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50056      2.09%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10519      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6823      0.29%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6063      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31555      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2390161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       908705                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1030966                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               212915                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              174413                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           157406                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          903488                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        31555                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3648162                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2620101                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 48504                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                209631                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            908705                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1030966                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       908705                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.906005                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.906005                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.344115                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.344115                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5453150                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1523521                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1362198                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2640701                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         205923                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185441                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12558                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76107                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71528                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11131                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          568                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2159480                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1290937                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            205923                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        82659                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              254424                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         40097                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        54734                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          125673                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12421                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2495890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2241466     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           8965      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18627      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           7454      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          41560      1.67%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          37462      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           6959      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          15118      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         118279      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2495890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077980                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.488861                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2146512                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        68146                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          253322                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          862                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        27045                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        18199                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1512653                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        27045                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2149370                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         46741                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        13802                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          251481                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         7448                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1510919                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         2849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1781521                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7109603                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7109603                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1541875                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         239639                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          187                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          101                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           20650                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       353544                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       177394                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1688                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         8689                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1505841                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          187                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1435098                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1065                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       139394                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       341670                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2495890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1985646     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       152972      6.13%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125633      5.03%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54093      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68687      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66157      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37689      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3190      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1823      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2495890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3634     11.16%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28086     86.29%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          829      2.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       903434     62.95%     62.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12483      0.87%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342368     23.86%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176727     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1435098                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.543453                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32549                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022681                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5399700                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1645471                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1420733                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1467647                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2473                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17530                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1636                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        27045                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         42831                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2005                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1506028                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353544                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177394                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          101                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1376                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6552                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7951                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        14503                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1423606                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       340965                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11492                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             517662                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         186221                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           176697                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.539102                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1420874                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1420733                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          768390                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1517856                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.538014                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506234                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1144679                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1345165                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       161049                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        12602                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2468845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980372     80.21%     80.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       178621      7.24%     87.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83781      3.39%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82478      3.34%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22334      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        95917      3.89%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7435      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5239      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12668      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2468845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1144679                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1345165                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               511769                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              336011                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           177533                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1196273                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        13032                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        12668                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3962391                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3039487                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 48760                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                144811                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1144679                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1345165                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1144679                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.306936                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.306936                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.433475                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.433475                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        7030451                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1654683                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1792911                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2640701                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         240340                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200063                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23249                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92095                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85514                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25478                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1071                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2080763                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1317820                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            240340                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       110992                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              273711                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         65463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        61493                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          130540                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22157                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2457959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2184248     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          16595      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          20887      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          33369      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          13658      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          18089      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          21075      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9860      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         140178      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2457959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.091014                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.499042                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2068733                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        74940                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          272368                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          140                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        41774                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        36455                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1609593                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1287                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        41774                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2071285                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          5668                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        63099                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          269935                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6194                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1598759                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          763                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4376                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2233974                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7429779                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7429779                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1841435                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         392539                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           22988                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       150824                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        77535                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          934                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        17385                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1559171                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          384                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1487300                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1853                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205701                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429729                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2457959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1829139     74.42%     74.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       285605     11.62%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117872      4.80%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65688      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89020      3.62%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27777      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27269      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14404      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1185      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2457959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10365     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1428     10.88%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1333     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1252839     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20204      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136886      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77189      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1487300                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.563222                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13126                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008825                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5447538                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1765275                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1446426                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1500426                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1076                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31143                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1555                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        41774                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          4261                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          524                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1559555                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150824                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77535                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          443                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12966                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13531                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        26497                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1459995                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134127                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27305                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             211289                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         206091                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            77162                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.552882                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1446469                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1446426                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          866403                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2326442                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.547743                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372415                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1071274                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1319972                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239595                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        23239                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2416185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1856885     76.85%     76.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       283896     11.75%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102690      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51335      2.12%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46728      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19788      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19421      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9223      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26219      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2416185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1071274                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1319972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               195661                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              119681                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           191390                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1188308                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        27239                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        26219                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3949520                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3160912                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 32794                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                182742                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1071274                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1319972                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1071274                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.465010                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.465010                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.405678                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.405678                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6566436                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       2023133                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1487567                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2640701                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         217058                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       177468                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22960                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88493                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83188                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22012                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1075                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2082802                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1214163                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            217058                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       105200                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              252063                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         63421                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        51940                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          129034                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22839                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2427004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.960546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2174941     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          11665      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18114      0.75%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          24622      1.01%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          25916      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          21990      0.91%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          11846      0.49%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          18521      0.76%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         119389      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2427004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082197                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.459788                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2061528                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        73704                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          251403                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          403                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        39961                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        35641                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1487832                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1264                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        39961                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2067653                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         16235                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        44093                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          245712                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        13345                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1486322                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1762                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5876                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2075283                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6910086                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6910086                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1768357                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         306908                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          371                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          196                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           42302                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       139921                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        74568                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          888                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        16771                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1483407                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1399081                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          332                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       181063                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       440132                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2427004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1836501     75.67%     75.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       241535      9.95%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123309      5.08%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93117      3.84%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73400      3.02%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29115      1.20%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19060      0.79%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9694      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1273      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2427004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           331     13.15%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          913     36.26%     49.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1274     50.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1177277     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20776      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126665      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74189      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1399081                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.529814                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2518                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001800                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5228011                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1664859                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1375828                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2974                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24982                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        39961                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         13072                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1369                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1483788                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139921                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74568                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1162                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12460                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13452                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        25912                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1378025                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119149                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             193313                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         195624                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            74164                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.521841                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1375900                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1375828                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          790845                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2130683                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.521009                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371170                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1030782                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1268329                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       215449                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        23021                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2387043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1867129     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257897     10.80%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97378      4.08%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45818      1.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38910      1.63%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22628      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20069      0.84%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8684      0.36%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28530      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2387043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1030782                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1268329                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               188009                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              114936                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           182945                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1142690                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        26102                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        28530                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3842278                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3007536                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 33470                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                213697                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1030782                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1268329                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1030782                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.561842                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.561842                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.390344                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.390344                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6199421                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1918266                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1378759                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2640701                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         205484                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185077                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12583                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71366                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11168                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          588                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2159831                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1289806                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            205484                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        82534                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              254120                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         40057                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        53470                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          125701                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12431                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2494609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2240489     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           8995      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          18475      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3           7462      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          41552      1.67%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          37430      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6984      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          15122      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         118100      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2494609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077814                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.488433                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2147116                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        66604                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          253059                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          846                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        26981                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        18134                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1511074                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1267                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        26981                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2149896                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         45426                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        13742                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          251280                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         7281                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1509365                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         2814                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           68                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1779529                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7103774                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7103774                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1540564                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         238947                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          185                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           20120                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       353040                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       177524                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1624                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         8733                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1504545                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          185                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1434404                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          950                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       138511                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       338040                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2494609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1984650     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153105      6.14%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125337      5.02%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53778      2.16%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68845      2.76%     95.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66250      2.66%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37658      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3175      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1811      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2494609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3608     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28025     86.30%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          842      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       903050     62.96%     62.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12474      0.87%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342024     23.84%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176770     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1434404                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.543191                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32475                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022640                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5396841                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1643292                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1420120                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1466879                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2423                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17127                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1828                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          129                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        26981                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         41627                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1963                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1504730                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353040                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177524                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           99                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1359                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6579                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7934                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        14513                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1422853                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       340755                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11550                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             517484                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         186038                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           176729                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.538816                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1420244                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1420120                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          768401                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1517567                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.537781                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506337                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1143896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1344194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       160726                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        12623                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2467628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1979436     80.22%     80.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       178670      7.24%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83540      3.39%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82444      3.34%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22337      0.91%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        95936      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7415      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5206      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12644      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2467628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1143896                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1344194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               511606                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              335913                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           177387                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1195412                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        13017                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        12644                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3959904                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3036848                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 48834                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                146092                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1143896                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1344194                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1143896                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.308515                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.308515                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.433179                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.433179                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        7027751                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1653808                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1791748                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2640701                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         217401                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       177863                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23099                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87930                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82887                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21884                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1045                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2084162                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1215704                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            217401                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       104771                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              252060                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         64071                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        50804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          129182                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22936                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2427737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2175677     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          11588      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          18128      0.75%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          24399      1.01%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          25913      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          21817      0.90%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          11812      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          18532      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         119871      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2427737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082327                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460372                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2062802                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        72654                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          251358                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          446                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        40472                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        35587                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          214                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1489959                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1281                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        40472                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2068950                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         15972                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        43252                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          245668                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        13418                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1488351                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5893                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2077809                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6919016                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6919016                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1766898                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         310911                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          358                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          183                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           42478                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       140324                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        74514                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          884                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        16749                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1485313                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          360                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1399453                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          290                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183550                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       447442                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2427737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1837212     75.68%     75.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       241390      9.94%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122871      5.06%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94008      3.87%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73144      3.01%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29296      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18823      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9641      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1352      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2427737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           318     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          951     37.38%     49.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1275     50.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1177902     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20692      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126521      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74164      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1399453                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.529955                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2544                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001818                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5229477                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1669238                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1376155                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401997                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2871                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25468                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1487                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        40472                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         12866                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1358                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1485678                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140324                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74514                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1146                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12549                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13748                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        26297                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1378338                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119050                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21115                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             193190                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         195576                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            74140                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.521959                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1376227                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1376155                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          791072                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2132353                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.521132                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.370985                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1029952                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1267324                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       218363                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        23158                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2387265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1867806     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257583     10.79%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97381      4.08%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45808      1.92%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38766      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22572      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20221      0.85%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8719      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28409      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2387265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1029952                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1267324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               187883                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              114856                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           182790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1141801                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        26085                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        28409                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3844530                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3011856                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 33578                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                212964                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1029952                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1267324                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1029952                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.563907                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.563907                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390030                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390030                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6200469                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1919076                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1380221                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2640701                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         216770                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       177358                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23293                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88435                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83158                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21897                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1055                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2084377                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1213129                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            216770                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       105055                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              251901                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         64345                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        49823                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          129384                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23157                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2426886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.960600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2174985     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          11652      0.48%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18296      0.75%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          24558      1.01%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          25796      1.06%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          21818      0.90%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          11664      0.48%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          18613      0.77%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         119504      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2426886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082088                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.459397                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2063044                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        71634                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          251245                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          409                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        40549                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        35466                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1487204                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1264                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        40549                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2069193                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         15434                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        42850                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          245525                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        13330                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1485473                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2073982                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6906016                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6906016                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1763654                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         310303                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           42577                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       140204                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        74331                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          880                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        31332                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1482338                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          372                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1396917                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          331                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183127                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       446748                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2426886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1825696     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       255897     10.54%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126068      5.19%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89168      3.67%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70940      2.92%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29356      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18811      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9626      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1324      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2426886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           326     12.99%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          912     36.35%     49.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1271     50.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1175592     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20736      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          173      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126481      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73935      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1396917                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.528995                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2509                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001796                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5223560                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1665855                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1373340                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1399426                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2771                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25571                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1458                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        40549                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         12348                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1361                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1482717                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           33                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140204                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74331                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1146                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12756                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13598                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        26354                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1375641                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118840                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21276                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             192749                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         195110                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            73909                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.520938                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1373418                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1373340                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          789786                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2128431                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.520066                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371065                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1028054                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1264969                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217755                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        23358                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2386337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1858396     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266426     11.16%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95964      4.02%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46616      1.95%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43480      1.82%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22841      0.96%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16574      0.69%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9122      0.38%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26918      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2386337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1028054                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1264969                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               187506                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              114633                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           182440                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1139698                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        26041                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        26918                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3842130                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3006009                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 33807                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                213815                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1028054                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1264969                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1028054                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.568640                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.568640                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.389311                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.389311                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6188295                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1915420                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1377145                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2640701                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         203404                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179535                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18407                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130480                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124200                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12865                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          590                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2101164                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1154554                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            203404                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       137065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              255087                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         59949                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        32630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          129158                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17869                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2430308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2175221     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          36726      1.51%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20629      0.85%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          36258      1.49%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          12674      0.52%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          33419      1.38%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           5755      0.24%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9850      0.41%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          99776      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2430308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077027                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.437215                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2083431                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        51169                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          254354                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        41011                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        20588                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          417                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1301293                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1708                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        41011                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2085806                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         28606                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        15704                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          252124                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         7054                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1298499                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1714169                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5901497                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5901497                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1352311                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         361848                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           18536                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       224727                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        40119                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          367                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8914                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1289061                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          189                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1194091                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1181                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       255940                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       544556                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2430308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1910502     78.61%     78.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       168055      6.91%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166342      6.84%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98532      4.05%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        54948      2.26%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14703      0.60%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16467      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          425      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          334      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2430308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2269     58.31%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          900     23.13%     81.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          722     18.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       941995     78.89%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9865      0.83%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       202628     16.97%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39515      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1194091                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.452187                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3891                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003259                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4823562                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545208                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1160484                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1197982                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1039                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50562                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1616                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        41011                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         21365                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          913                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1289255                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       224727                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40119                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          480                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11094                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8457                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        19551                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1176281                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199053                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17810                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             238541                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         177186                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            39488                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.445443                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1161112                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1160484                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          699770                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1567452                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.439461                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.446438                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       907872                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1030133                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       259178                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        18093                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2389297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.293574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2001230     83.76%     83.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155382      6.50%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96440      4.04%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31204      1.31%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50099      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10635      0.45%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6832      0.29%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6104      0.26%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31371      1.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2389297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       907872                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1030133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               212664                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              174161                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           157270                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          902791                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        31371                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3647224                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2619671                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 48437                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                210393                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            907872                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1030133                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       907872                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.908671                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.908671                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.343800                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.343800                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5449442                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1522959                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1362612                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4195                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32746.180480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           608019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          16.460974                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1121.614774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.746405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   257.731595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.746520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   267.240135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.741160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   118.768828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.254532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    85.331834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    11.836354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    46.803220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.224581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    46.561323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.436150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   122.830968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.026639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    48.539685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.742270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   117.568317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.553984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   181.707579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    11.844757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    44.930185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.625752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    84.932732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.492011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   181.628935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    24.193581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    81.465011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.822611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    75.811133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.211472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   119.426791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          3040.489750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          3052.314976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          2021.679344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1433.518607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1166.332490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1172.668721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2069.629430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1160.506157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2022.366275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2312.221836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1170.643363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1447.321935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2288.058374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1483.521943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1490.136033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2115.379427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.034229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.007865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.008156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.003625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.001428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.001421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.003749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.001481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.003588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.005545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.001371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.005543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.003645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.092788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.093149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.061697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.043748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.035594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.035787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.063160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.035416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.061718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.070563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.035725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.044169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.069826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.045273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.045475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.064556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2247                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2247                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    36                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          381                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          241                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          236                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          382                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          446                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          305                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          446                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          309                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          316                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5638                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 121                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          578                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          587                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          110                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          220                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          389                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          215                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4188                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2211146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     77356223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2044357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     79531740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4188029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     32594552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4457931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23081853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3224110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15965767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3393315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16821550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4014370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     32871470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3448119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16681738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4042629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     32205327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2115755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     58732605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3193980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     15900372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4866919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     23348137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2259632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     59055640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4703845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21896941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4289086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     20870365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4048964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     32357374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       615773841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9485110                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8561746                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      18046856                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2211146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     86841333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2044357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     88093486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4188029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     32594552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4457931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23081853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3224110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15965767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3393315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16821550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4014370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     32871470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3448119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16681738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4042629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     32205327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2115755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     58732605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3193980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     15900372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4866919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     23348137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2259632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     59055640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4703845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21896941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4289086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     20870365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4048964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     32357374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        633820697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2211146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     86841333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2044357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     88093486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4188029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     32594552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4457931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23081853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3224110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15965767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3393315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16821550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4014370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     32871470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3448119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16681738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4042629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     32205327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2115755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     58732605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3193980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     15900372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4866919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     23348137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2259632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     59055640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4703845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21896941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4289086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     20870365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4048964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     32357374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       633820697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2247                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2247                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.501461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.512101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.337748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.306122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.920000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.320700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.368509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.322674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.358714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.465868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.303207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.939394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.467145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.323009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.305987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.363176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.420623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.770701                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.530275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.538038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.335526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.303468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.920000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.317919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.366667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.319885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.465868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.939394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.334061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.467145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.320879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.303965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.361345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.426216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.530275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.538038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.335526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.303468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.920000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.317919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.366667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.319885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.465868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.939394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.334061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.467145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.320879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.303965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.361345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.426216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 170088.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150206.258252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157258.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150343.553875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161078.038462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152310.990654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153721.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150861.784314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153529.047619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152054.923810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 147535.434783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152923.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154398.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149415.772727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156732.681818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150285.927928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155485.730769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151911.919811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151125.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150983.560411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152094.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152888.192308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156997.387097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152602.202614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150642.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151037.442455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162201.551724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149979.047945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158855.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151234.528986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155729.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150499.413953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151407.386526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150557.301587                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 147616.310345                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149147.570248                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 170088.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150244.520761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157258.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150074.081772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161078.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152310.990654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153721.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150861.784314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153529.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152054.923810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 147535.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152923.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154398.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149415.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156732.681818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150285.927928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155485.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151911.919811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151125.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150983.560411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152094.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152888.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156997.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152602.202614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150642.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151037.442455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162201.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149979.047945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158855.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151234.528986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155729.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150499.413953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151342.095750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 170088.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150244.520761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157258.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150074.081772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161078.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152310.990654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153721.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150861.784314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153529.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152054.923810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 147535.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152923.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154398.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149415.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156732.681818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150285.927928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155485.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151911.919811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151125.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150983.560411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152094.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152888.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156997.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152602.202614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150642.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151037.442455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162201.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149979.047945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158855.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151234.528986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155729.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150499.413953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151342.095750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1551                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1551                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            121                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1455934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     47378488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1288371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     48731664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2680067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20134476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2771424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14179141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2005388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9854075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2058487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10421502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2502167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     20067119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2171076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10218996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2533707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     19860123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1301703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     36090641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1973724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9844747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3067914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     14447933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1387993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36296692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3021867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13400035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2721060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     12840205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2541973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19849564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    379098256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5813044                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5179618                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10992662                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1455934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     53191532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1288371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     53911282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2680067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20134476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2771424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14179141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2005388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9854075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2058487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10421502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2502167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     20067119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2171076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10218996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2533707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     19860123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1301703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     36090641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1973724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9844747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3067914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     14447933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1387993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36296692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3021867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13400035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2721060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     12840205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2541973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19849564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    390090918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1455934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     53191532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1288371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     53911282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2680067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20134476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2771424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14179141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2005388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9854075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2058487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10421502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2502167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     20067119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2171076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10218996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2533707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     19860123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1301703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     36090641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1973724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9844747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3067914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     14447933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1387993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36296692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3021867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13400035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2721060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     12840205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2541973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19849564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    390090918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.501461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.512101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.337748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.306122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.920000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.320700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.368509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.322674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.358714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.465868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.303207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.939394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.467145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.323009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.305987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.363176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.420623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.770701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.530275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.538038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.335526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.303468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.920000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.317919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.366667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.319885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.465868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.939394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.334061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.467145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.320879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.303965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.361345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.426216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.530275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.538038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.335526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.303468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.920000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.317919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.366667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.319885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.465868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.939394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.334061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.467145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.320879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.303965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.361345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.426216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 111994.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91997.064078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99105.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92120.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 103079.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94086.336449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95566.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92674.124183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95494.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93848.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 89499.434783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94740.927273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96237.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91214.177273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98685.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92063.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97450.269231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93679.825472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92978.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92777.997429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93986.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94661.028846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98964.967742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94430.934641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92532.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92830.414322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 104202.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91781.061644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       100780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93044.963768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97768.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92323.553488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93213.242193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92270.539683                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 89303.758621                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90848.446281                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 111994.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92026.871972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99105.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91842.047700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 103079.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94086.336449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95566.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92674.124183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95494.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93848.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 89499.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94740.927273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96237.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91214.177273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98685.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92063.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97450.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93679.825472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92978.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92777.997429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93986.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94661.028846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98964.967742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94430.934641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92532.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92830.414322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 104202.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91781.061644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       100780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93044.963768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97768.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92323.553488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93144.918338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 111994.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92026.871972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99105.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91842.047700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 103079.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94086.336449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95566.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92674.124183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95494.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93848.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 89499.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94740.927273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96237.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91214.177273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98685.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92063.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97450.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93679.825472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92978.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92777.997429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93986.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94661.028846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98964.967742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94430.934641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92532.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92830.414322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 104202.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91781.061644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       100780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93044.963768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97768.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92323.553488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93144.918338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.745719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494287.754980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2852245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2852245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2852245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2852245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2852245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2852245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158458.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158458.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158458.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158458.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158458.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158458.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2325547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2325547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2325547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 178888.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178888.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 178888.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178888.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 178888.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178888.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1090                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125036013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             92894.511887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   189.818482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    66.181518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.741478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.258522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76435                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76435                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       171073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         171073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       171073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        171073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    325787316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    325787316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     83784591                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83784591                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    409571907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    409571907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    409571907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    409571907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 131207.134917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131207.134917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 181351.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181351.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 139073.652632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139073.652632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 139073.652632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139073.652632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    118323775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118323775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10148865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10148865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    128472640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128472640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    128472640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128472640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000819                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000819                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 115213.023369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115213.023369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 161093.095238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161093.095238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117864.807339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117864.807339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117864.807339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117864.807339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              501.745832                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750132504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1494287.856574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.745832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.020426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       124574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       124574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         124574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       124574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        124574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2608998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2608998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2608998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2608998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2608998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2608998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       124591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       124591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       124591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       124591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       124591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153470.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153470.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153470.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153470.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153470.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153470.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2156979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2156979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2156979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2156979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2156979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2156979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165921.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165921.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165921.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165921.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165921.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165921.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 1091                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125035907                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             92825.469191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   190.120179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    65.879821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.742657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.257343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        94510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        76457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       170967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         170967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       170967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        170967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    323086098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    323086098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     75603205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75603205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    398689303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    398689303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    398689303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    398689303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        96963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        76887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       173850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       173850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.025298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 131710.598451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131710.598451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 175821.406977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175821.406977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 138289.733958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138289.733958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 138289.733958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138289.733958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          506                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             506                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1792                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1792                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    120191966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120191966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9120054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9120054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    129312020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129312020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    129312020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129312020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 116352.338819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116352.338819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 157242.310345                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157242.310345                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118526.141155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118526.141155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118526.141155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118526.141155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              550.785814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              643069329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1162874.012658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    25.686216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.099597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.041164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       129107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       129107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         129107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       129107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        129107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5882673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5882673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5882673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5882673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5882673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5882673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       129140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       129140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       129140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       129140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       129140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 178262.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178262.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 178262.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178262.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 178262.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178262.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5142476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5142476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5142476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5142476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5142476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5142476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 190462.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190462.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 190462.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190462.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 190462.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190462.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  595                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              150603710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             176972.632197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   156.795553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    99.204447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.612483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.387517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       180271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       218569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         218569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       218569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        218569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    224856944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224856944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1291870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1291870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    226148814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    226148814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    226148814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    226148814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       182301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       220614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       220614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110766.967488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110766.967488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86124.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86124.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110586.217115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110586.217115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110586.217115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110586.217115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1450                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1450                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     63105158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63105158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       200790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       200790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     63305948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63305948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     63305948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63305948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106596.550676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106596.550676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        66930                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66930                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106396.551261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106396.551261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106396.551261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106396.551261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              499.955859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              746408768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1478037.164356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.955859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.039993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       129092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       129092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         129092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       129092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        129092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7252511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7252511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7252511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7252511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7252511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7252511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       129130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       129130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       129130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       129130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       129130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 190855.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190855.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 190855.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190855.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 190855.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190855.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5774361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5774361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5774361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5774361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5774361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5774361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 192478.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192478.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 192478.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192478.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 192478.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192478.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              112761697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             158373.169944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   158.627809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    97.372191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.619640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.380360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        87153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        72630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       159783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         159783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       159783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        159783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    171839231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    171839231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1833301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1833301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    173672532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    173672532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    173672532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    173672532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        88585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       161233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       161233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.016165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000248                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119999.462989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119999.462989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101850.055556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101850.055556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119774.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119774.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119774.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119774.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          994                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          994                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     46280236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46280236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       315375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       315375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     46595611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46595611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     46595611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46595611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102163.876380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102163.876380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       105125                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105125                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102183.357456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102183.357456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102183.357456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102183.357456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              467.219310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              749856964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1568738.418410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.219310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.019582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       130489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       130489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         130489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       130489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        130489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5260371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5260371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5260371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5260371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5260371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5260371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       130518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       130518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       130518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       130518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       130518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 181392.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181392.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 181392.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181392.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 181392.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181392.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4188791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4188791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4188791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4188791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4188791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4188791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 182121.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182121.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 182121.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182121.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 182121.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182121.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  346                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              108861900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             180833.720930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   116.876905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   139.123095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.456550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.543450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       103013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        75541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       178554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         178554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       178554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        178554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total          889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total          889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     93385691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93385691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       751620                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       751620                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     94137311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     94137311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     94137311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     94137311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       103894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       103894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        75549                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75549                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       179443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       179443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105999.649262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105999.649262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93952.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93952.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105891.238470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105891.238470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105891.238470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105891.238470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          543                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          543                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33878031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33878031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       208487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34086518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34086518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34086518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34086518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98769.769679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98769.769679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 69495.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69495.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98515.947977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98515.947977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98515.947977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98515.947977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              467.608043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              749856865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1562201.802083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.608043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.020205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.749372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       130390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       130390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         130390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       130390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        130390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5606627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5606627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5606627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5606627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5606627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5606627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       130420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       130420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       130420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       130420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       130420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 186887.566667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 186887.566667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 186887.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 186887.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 186887.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 186887.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4517081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4517081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4517081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4517081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4517081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4517081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 180683.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180683.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 180683.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180683.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 180683.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180683.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  346                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              108862090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             180834.036545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   116.843039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   139.156961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.456418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.543582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       103091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        75661                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75661                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       178752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         178752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       178752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        178752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total          881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total          881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     95754594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95754594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1774042                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1774042                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     97528636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     97528636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     97528636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     97528636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       103960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       103960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        75673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       179633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       179633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110189.406214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110189.406214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 147836.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147836.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110702.197503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110702.197503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110702.197503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110702.197503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     34789431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34789431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       357116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       357116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     35146547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35146547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     35146547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35146547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101426.912536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101426.912536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 119038.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119038.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101579.615607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101579.615607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101579.615607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101579.615607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              550.481416                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              643069390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1162874.122966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.381715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.099701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.040676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       129168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       129168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         129168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       129168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        129168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5586185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5586185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5586185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5586185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5586185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5586185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       129204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       129204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       129204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       129204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       129204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155171.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155171.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155171.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155171.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155171.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155171.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4593055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4593055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4593055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4593055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4593055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4593055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170113.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170113.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170113.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170113.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170113.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170113.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  600                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              150603688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             175938.887850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   157.804789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    98.195211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.616425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.383575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       180249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       218547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         218547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       218547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        218547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    225558385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    225558385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1909062                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1909062                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    227467447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    227467447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    227467447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    227467447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       182315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       220628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       220628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109176.372217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109176.372217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 127270.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127270.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109306.798174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109306.798174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109306.798174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109306.798174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1481                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1481                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     62098846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62098846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       299264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       299264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     62398110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62398110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     62398110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62398110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104018.167504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104018.167504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99754.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99754.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103996.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103996.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103996.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103996.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              467.409062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              749856858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1565463.169102                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.409062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.019886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.749053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       130383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       130383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         130383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       130383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        130383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5512895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5512895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5512895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5512895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5512895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5512895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       130412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       130412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       130412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       130412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       130412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 190099.827586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190099.827586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 190099.827586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190099.827586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 190099.827586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190099.827586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4677162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4677162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4677162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4677162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4677162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4677162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 194881.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194881.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 194881.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194881.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 194881.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194881.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  347                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              108861897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             180533.825871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   116.892609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   139.107391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.456612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.543388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       103019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        75540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       178559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         178559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       178559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        178559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total          886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total          886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     95650125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95650125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1784362                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1784362                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     97434487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     97434487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     97434487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     97434487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       103893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       103893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        75552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       179445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       179445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109439.502288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109439.502288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 148696.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148696.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109971.204289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109971.204289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109971.204289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109971.204289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          539                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          539                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34776348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34776348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       368504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       368504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     35144852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35144852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     35144852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35144852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101094.034884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101094.034884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122834.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122834.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101281.994236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101281.994236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101281.994236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101281.994236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              550.786920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              643069342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1162874.036166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    25.687612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   525.099308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.041166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.841505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       129120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       129120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         129120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       129120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        129120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5425816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5425816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5425816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5425816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5425816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5425816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       129152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       129152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       129152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       129152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       129152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169556.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169556.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169556.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169556.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169556.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169556.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4734336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4734336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4734336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4734336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4734336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4734336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175345.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175345.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175345.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175345.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175345.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175345.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  594                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              150603584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             177180.687059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   157.341077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    98.658923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.614614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.385386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       180147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       218445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         218445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       218445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        218445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    223355744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    223355744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1632464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1632464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    224988208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    224988208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    224988208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    224988208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       182184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       220497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       220497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109649.358861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109649.358861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108830.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108830.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109643.376218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109643.376218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109643.376218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109643.376218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     62249671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62249671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       268793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       268793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     62518464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62518464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     62518464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62518464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105329.392555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105329.392555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 89597.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89597.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105249.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105249.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105249.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105249.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              556.553218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              765406555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1374158.985637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.553218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.021720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         125657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        125657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2608266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2608266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2608266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2608266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2608266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2608266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       125673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       125673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163016.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163016.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163016.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163016.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163016.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163016.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2265842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2265842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2265842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2265842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2265842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2265842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161845.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161845.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161845.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161845.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161845.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161845.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  835                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              287890159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1091                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             263877.322640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   101.878859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   154.121141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.397964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.602036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       321861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       175585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       497446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         497446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       497446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        497446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    373243817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    373243817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    373243817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    373243817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    373243817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    373243817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       324882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       324882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       175585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       500467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       500467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123549.757365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123549.757365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123549.757365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123549.757365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123549.757365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123549.757365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     95061070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95061070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     95061070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95061070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     95061070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95061070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113845.592814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113845.592814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113845.592814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113845.592814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113845.592814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113845.592814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              467.229603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              749856986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1568738.464435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.229603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.019599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       130511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       130511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         130511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       130511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        130511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5178944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5178944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5178944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5178944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5178944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5178944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       130540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       130540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       130540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       130540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       130540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 178584.275862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178584.275862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 178584.275862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178584.275862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 178584.275862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178584.275862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4179443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4179443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4179443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4179443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4179443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4179443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 181714.913043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181714.913043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 181714.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181714.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 181714.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181714.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  346                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              108861965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             180833.828904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   116.933189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   139.066811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.456770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.543230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       103036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        75593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       178629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         178629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       178629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        178629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total          886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total          886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     92170421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92170421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1084475                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1084475                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     93254896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     93254896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     93254896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     93254896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       103910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       103910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        75605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       179515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       179515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105458.147597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105458.147597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 90372.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90372.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105253.832957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105253.832957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105253.832957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105253.832957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     33443242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33443242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       215399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       215399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     33658641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33658641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     33658641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33658641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 97502.163265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97502.163265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 71799.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71799.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 97279.309249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97279.309249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 97279.309249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97279.309249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              502.030514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              746408668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1469308.401575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    27.030514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.043318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       128992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       128992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         128992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       128992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        128992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8054243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8054243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8054243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8054243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8054243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8054243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       129034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       129034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       129034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       129034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       129034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 191767.690476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191767.690476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 191767.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191767.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 191767.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191767.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6312604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6312604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6312604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6312604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6312604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6312604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 191291.030303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191291.030303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 191291.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191291.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 191291.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191291.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              112761700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             157929.551821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   159.042335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    96.957665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.621259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.378741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        87062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        72709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       159771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         159771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       159771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        159771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1471                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1471                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    174247884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    174247884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2340879                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2340879                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    176588763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    176588763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    176588763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    176588763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        88515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        72727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       161242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       161242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.016415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000248                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119922.838266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119922.838266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 130048.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130048.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120046.745751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120046.745751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120046.745751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120046.745751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     46678890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46678890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       373251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       373251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     47052141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47052141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     47052141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47052141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102590.967033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102590.967033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       124417                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       124417                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102733.932314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102733.932314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102733.932314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102733.932314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              557.491184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              765406581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1371696.381720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.491184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.023223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         125683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        125683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2805150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2805150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2805150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2805150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2805150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2805150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       125701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       125701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155841.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155841.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155841.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155841.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155841.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155841.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2426438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2426438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2426438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2426438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2426438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2426438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161762.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161762.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161762.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161762.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161762.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161762.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  837                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              287889961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             263394.291857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   101.523178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   154.476822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.396575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.603425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       321728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       175521                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175521                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       497249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         497249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       497249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        497249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         3017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         3017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    371359372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    371359372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    371359372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    371359372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    371359372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    371359372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       324745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       324745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       175521                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175521                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       500266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       500266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123088.953265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123088.953265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123088.953265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123088.953265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123088.953265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123088.953265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2180                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2180                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     95459150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95459150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     95459150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95459150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     95459150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95459150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114049.163680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114049.163680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114049.163680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114049.163680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114049.163680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114049.163680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              500.597544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              746408818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1475116.241107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    25.597544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.041022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       129142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       129142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         129142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       129142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        129142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7394795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7394795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7394795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7394795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7394795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7394795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       129182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       129182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       129182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       129182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       129182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 184869.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184869.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 184869.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184869.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 184869.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184869.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5972891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5972891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5972891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5972891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5972891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5972891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 192673.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192673.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 192673.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192673.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 192673.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192673.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  455                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              112761696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             158595.915612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   158.468211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    97.531789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.619016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.380984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        87116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        72666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       159782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         159782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       159782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        159782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    173133305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    173133305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1585834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1585834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    174719139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    174719139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    174719139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    174719139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        88565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       161247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       161247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.016361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119484.682540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119484.682540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99114.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99114.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119262.210922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119262.210922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119262.210922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119262.210922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     45411435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45411435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       269199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       269199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     45680634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45680634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     45680634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45680634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100467.776549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100467.776549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        89733                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        89733                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100396.997802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100396.997802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100396.997802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100396.997802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              499.229043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              746409021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1480970.279762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.229043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.038829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.800047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       129345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       129345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         129345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       129345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        129345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6765296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6765296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6765296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6765296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6765296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6765296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       129384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       129384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       129384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       129384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       129384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173469.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173469.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173469.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173469.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173469.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173469.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5255706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5255706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5255706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5255706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5255706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5255706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 181231.241379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181231.241379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 181231.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181231.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 181231.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181231.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  454                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              112761491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             158819.001408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   158.569346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    97.430654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.619412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.380588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        87056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        72510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         159566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        159566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    169151267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    169151267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2214979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2214979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    171366246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    171366246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    171366246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    171366246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        88497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       161025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       161025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000248                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117384.640527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117384.640527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 123054.388889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123054.388889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117454.589445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117454.589445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117454.589445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117454.589445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1005                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1005                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     44134858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44134858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       389948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       389948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     44524806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44524806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     44524806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44524806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 97859.995565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97859.995565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 129982.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129982.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98072.259912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98072.259912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98072.259912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98072.259912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              550.256227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              643069348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1162874.047016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.156700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.099526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.040315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       129126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       129126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         129126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       129126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        129126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5533157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5533157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5533157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5533157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5533157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5533157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       129158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       129158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       129158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       129158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       129158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172911.156250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172911.156250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172911.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172911.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172911.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172911.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4851229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4851229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4851229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4851229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4851229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4851229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179675.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179675.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179675.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179675.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179675.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179675.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  595                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              150603571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             176972.468860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   157.465677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    98.534323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.615100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.384900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       180132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       218430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         218430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       218430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        218430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    221412569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221412569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1505540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1505540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    222918109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222918109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    222918109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222918109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       182147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       220460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       220460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109882.168238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109882.168238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100369.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100369.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109811.876355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109811.876355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109811.876355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109811.876355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           69                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              69                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1435                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1435                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     62259344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62259344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       244460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       244460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     62503804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62503804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     62503804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62503804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105167.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105167.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 81486.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81486.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105048.410084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105048.410084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105048.410084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105048.410084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
