
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001501                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1500732543                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               399084455688                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 383946                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   494937                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  48615                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67751848                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30869.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11852317772                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15278581890                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        88448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        30720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        62080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        61056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        88064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        86912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        61312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        88064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        21120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               814464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           38656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       327424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            327424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  6363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2558                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2558                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20128837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20470003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     41366465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2388167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     14243711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     40684131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     58680676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     57913051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     41622340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     40854715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     58680676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2047000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17228919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2302875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     14073127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     16546586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               542710961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2388167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2047000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2302875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           25758087                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         218176118                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              218176118                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         218176118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20128837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20470003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     41366465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2388167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     14243711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     40684131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     58680676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     57913051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     41622340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     40854715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     58680676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2047000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17228919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2302875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     14073127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     16546586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              760887078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         206918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168771                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21607                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78866                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20590                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1999037                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1221415                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            206918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        99456                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              250731                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         67804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       243732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21653                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2288185     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13146      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          20954      0.83%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31618      1.25%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13231      0.52%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15820      0.62%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16415      0.65%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11480      0.45%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         128067      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.057495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.339388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1972620                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       270816                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248849                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1543                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33580                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1481465                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1977637                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        103689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       148065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          245525                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        18901                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1478590                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         3028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         3288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         8214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3780                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2021451                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6890679                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6890679                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         352453                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           45848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       150284                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4140                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        17020                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1473970                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1374971                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2656                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224315                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       525024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1950918     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240447      9.47%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131647      5.19%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85666      3.37%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78531      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24289      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17251      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6179      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3988      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           388     11.89%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     41.32%     53.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1526     46.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132140     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25260      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136331      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81087      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1374971                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.382055                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3262                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002372                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5294775                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1698682                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1378233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6426                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5557                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1075                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         88964                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1950                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1474296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150284                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1043                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11677                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13344                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25021                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1355200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128894                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             209853                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183828                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            80959                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.376562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350162                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798812                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2028131                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.375129                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.393866                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22008                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1998629     80.14%     80.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       236622      9.49%     89.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97556      3.91%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50278      2.02%     95.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37111      1.49%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21309      0.85%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12988      0.52%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10843      0.43%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28493      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3940638                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2995720                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35423                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1059964                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.598873                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.598873                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.277865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.277865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6150599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1844346                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1402976                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         256811                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       226024                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22897                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       162383                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154883                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16778                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          755                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2637052                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1454167                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            256811                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       171661                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              321807                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         74177                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        95925                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          161876                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22313                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      3105919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.790832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2784112     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          45692      1.47%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          26567      0.86%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          44956      1.45%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          16830      0.54%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          41268      1.33%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           7314      0.24%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          12577      0.40%     95.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         126603      4.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      3105919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.071359                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.404061                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2616141                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       117774                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          320918                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          423                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        50660                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        26901                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          475                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1646661                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1798                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        50660                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2618926                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         63692                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        45857                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          318245                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         8536                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1643183                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1541                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         6032                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2176529                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7478681                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7478681                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1727759                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         448767                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           22859                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       277749                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        52154                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          572                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        11703                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1631661                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1514453                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1581                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       316837                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       670773                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3105919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.111596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2445860     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       216517      6.97%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       208220      6.70%     92.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       124419      4.01%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69994      2.25%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18552      0.60%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21420      0.69%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          513      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          424      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3105919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2907     58.31%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1151     23.09%     81.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          927     18.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1199418     79.20%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12962      0.86%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          116      0.01%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       250451     16.54%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51506      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1514453                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.420812                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4985                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003292                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6141391                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1948763                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1472695                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1519438                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1550                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61548                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        50660                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         55475                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1121                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1631908                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          274                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       277749                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        52154                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          634                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13914                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10378                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        24292                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1491540                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       245807                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22913                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             297288                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         224291                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            51481                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.414446                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1473357                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1472695                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          887464                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2013691                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.409209                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.440715                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1151052                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1311622                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       320346                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        22552                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3055259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2558140     83.73%     83.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       201233      6.59%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122833      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40196      1.32%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63095      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13563      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8877      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7898      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39424      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3055259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1151052                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1311622                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               266561                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              216201                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           199690                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1151063                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        17889                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        39424                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4647790                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3314628                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 59848                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                492961                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1151052                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1311622                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1151052                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.126601                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.126601                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.319836                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.319836                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6900160                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1938831                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1713376                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         316945                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263845                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30290                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       121180                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113663                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33779                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2750678                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1738345                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            316945                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       147442                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              361423                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         85043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       193905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          172166                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28931                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      3360477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.636015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.005425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2999054     89.24%     89.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          21940      0.65%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          27727      0.83%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          44207      1.32%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          18120      0.54%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          23908      0.71%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          27974      0.83%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          12941      0.39%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         184606      5.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      3360477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.088068                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.483024                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2734572                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       211759                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          359703                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          184                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        54255                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        48127                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      2124007                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        54255                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2737782                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          7889                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       195784                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          356669                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         8094                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      2110365                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2948947                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      9809484                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      9809484                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      2440025                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         508892                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           29406                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       198687                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       102547                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        23176                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          2059123                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1966805                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2324                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       266209                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       553770                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3360477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.585276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2528219     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       378737     11.27%     86.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155526      4.63%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87004      2.59%     93.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117732      3.50%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36710      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35846      1.07%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19174      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1529      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3360477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13681     79.08%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1865     10.78%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1755     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1656883     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26711      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180849      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       102121      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1966805                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.546505                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17301                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008796                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7313705                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2325856                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1913479                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1984106                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40185                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        54255                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          6004                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2059627                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1468                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198687                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102547                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17225                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17382                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        34607                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1931162                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       177342                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             279435                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         272661                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           102093                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.536601                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1913521                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1913479                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         1146103                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         3078682                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.531687                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372271                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1419452                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1748889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       310730                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        30342                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.528969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.347415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2565210     77.59%     77.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       376008     11.37%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136358      4.12%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67768      2.05%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61993      1.88%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26209      0.79%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25686      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12192      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34798      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1419452                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1748889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               259114                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              158498                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           253540                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1574466                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        36083                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        34798                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            5331030                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           4173517                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 42960                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                238403                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1419452                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1748889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1419452                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.535401                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.535401                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.394415                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.394415                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        8686640                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2676145                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1963021                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         316476                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263438                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30244                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       121016                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113500                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33732                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2746857                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1735746                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            316476                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       147232                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              360892                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         84920                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       198632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          171922                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28886                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      3360775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.635012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2999883     89.26%     89.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          21908      0.65%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          27687      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          44143      1.31%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          18098      0.54%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          23876      0.71%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          27932      0.83%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          12928      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         184320      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      3360775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.087937                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.482302                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2730757                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       216477                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          359175                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          184                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        54178                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        48065                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      2120837                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        54178                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2733963                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles          7891                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       200510                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          356145                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8084                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      2107216                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5620                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2944432                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      9794841                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      9794841                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      2436305                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         508127                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           29378                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       198414                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       102408                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        23134                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          2056049                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1963846                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265852                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       553087                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3360775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.584343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2529741     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       378201     11.25%     86.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155284      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86881      2.59%     93.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117558      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36650      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35796      1.07%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19136      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1528      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3360775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13659     79.07%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.78%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1654370     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26655      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180598      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101982      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1963846                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.545683                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17275                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7308065                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2322425                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1910616                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1981121                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40136                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        54178                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          6007                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          717                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2056553                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198414                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102408                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          600                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17194                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17357                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        34551                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1928272                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       177095                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35574                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             279049                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         272258                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           101954                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.535798                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1910658                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1910616                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         1144350                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         3073953                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.530892                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372273                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1417319                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1746274                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       310290                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        30296                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.528118                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2566678     77.62%     77.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375467     11.36%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136137      4.12%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67679      2.05%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61907      1.87%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26169      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25642      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12173      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34745      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1417319                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1746274                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               258755                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              158278                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           253161                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1572126                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        36034                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        34745                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            5328403                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           4167311                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 42908                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                238105                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1417319                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1746274                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1417319                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.539217                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.539217                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393822                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393822                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        8673692                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       2672029                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1960126                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         256222                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       225447                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22726                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161534                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154557                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16875                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          775                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2637036                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1451853                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            256222                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       171432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              321201                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         73529                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        95565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          161616                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22135                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      3104461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.790408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2783260     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          45799      1.48%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          26416      0.85%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          44704      1.44%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          16636      0.54%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          41207      1.33%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7276      0.23%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          12697      0.41%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         126466      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      3104461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.071195                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.403418                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2615792                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       117767                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          320337                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          382                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        50180                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        26882                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          479                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1644127                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1806                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        50180                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2618615                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         67965                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        41575                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          317608                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8515                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1640594                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         6091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2172297                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7467194                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7467194                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1729214                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         442967                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           22844                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       277469                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        52289                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          573                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        11754                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1629592                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1513556                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1607                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       313404                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       664526                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3104461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.110548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2444093     78.73%     78.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       216683      6.98%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       208770      6.72%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       124392      4.01%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69924      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18480      0.60%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21191      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          509      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          419      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3104461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2896     58.42%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1134     22.88%     81.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          927     18.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1198401     79.18%     79.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12942      0.86%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          116      0.01%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       250530     16.55%     96.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51567      3.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1513556                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.420563                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4957                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003275                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6138135                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1943259                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1472296                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1518513                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1424                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        60935                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1888                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        50180                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         59559                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1151                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1629840                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          114                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       277469                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        52289                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          667                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13734                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10280                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        24014                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1490946                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       245889                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22608                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             297429                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         224185                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            51540                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.414281                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1472949                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1472296                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          887224                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2011177                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.409098                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.441147                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1152184                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1312854                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       316966                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22377                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3054281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2556616     83.71%     83.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       201259      6.59%     90.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       123277      4.04%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40377      1.32%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62963      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13577      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8796      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7931      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39485      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3054281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1152184                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1312854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               266906                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              216505                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           199889                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1152128                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        17901                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        39485                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4644603                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3309950                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 59557                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                494419                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1152184                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1312854                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1152184                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.123529                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.123529                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.320151                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.320151                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6898400                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1937957                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1711387                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         241237                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       217330                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14556                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        97602                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84119                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13116                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          681                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2542800                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1514325                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            241237                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        97235                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              298486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         46494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       381322                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          147692                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14420                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      3254217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2955731     90.83%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          10508      0.32%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          21547      0.66%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3           9046      0.28%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          48817      1.50%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          44061      1.35%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           8180      0.25%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          17947      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         138380      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      3254217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067031                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.420777                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2515702                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       408886                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          297231                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          995                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        31400                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        21263                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1774633                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        31400                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2519755                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        366125                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        30049                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          294490                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12395                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1772709                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         5929                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          192                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2089063                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      8342963                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      8342963                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1811084                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         277967                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          212                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          112                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           30397                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       415205                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       208469                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1937                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        10185                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1767111                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          212                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1684560                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1297                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       161901                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       397455                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3254217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2648363     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       185433      5.70%     87.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       149864      4.61%     91.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64514      1.98%     93.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81136      2.49%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75869      2.33%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        43355      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3626      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2057      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3254217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4204     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        32027     86.11%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          962      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1060035     62.93%     62.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14699      0.87%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       402060     23.87%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       207666     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1684560                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.468079                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37193                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022079                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6661827                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1929273                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1668141                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1721753                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2921                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20375                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1992                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        31400                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        357112                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3184                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1767323                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       415205                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       208469                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          112                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1982                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7706                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         9053                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        16759                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1671512                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       400585                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13048                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             608200                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         218490                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           207615                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.464453                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1668263                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1668141                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          902724                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1787138                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.463517                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.505123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1344623                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1580122                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       187410                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        14638                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3222817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2646686     82.12%     82.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       212538      6.59%     88.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98958      3.07%     91.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96879      3.01%     94.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26667      0.83%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110941      3.44%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8671      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6184      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15293      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3222817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1344623                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1580122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               601300                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              394823                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           208537                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1405225                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        15306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        15293                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4975056                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3566484                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 55933                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                344663                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1344623                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1580122                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1344623                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.676497                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.676497                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.373623                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.373623                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        8256157                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1942115                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       2104052                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         279182                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       228333                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28908                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       114484                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107843                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          28175                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1290                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2677508                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1560685                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            279182                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       136018                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              324228                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         79711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       151509                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          165327                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28783                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      3205622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2881394     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          14963      0.47%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          23410      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          31794      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          33427      1.04%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          28108      0.88%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          15475      0.48%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          24020      0.75%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         153031      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      3205622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077575                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.433659                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2651910                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       179559                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          323387                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          528                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        50233                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        45828                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1912909                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        50233                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2659668                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         26360                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       135847                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          316208                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        17301                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1911310                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         7464                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2667788                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      8886653                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      8886653                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      2283646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         384085                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          459                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           53259                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       179550                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        96130                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1162                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        21736                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1907858                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1801870                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          472                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       227795                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       551968                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3205622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2444478     76.26%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       311253      9.71%     85.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159078      4.96%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       120473      3.76%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        94387      2.94%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37925      1.18%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        24033      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12289      0.38%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1706      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3205622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           380     12.19%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1114     35.73%     47.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1624     52.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1516265     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26786      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          225      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162916      9.04%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95678      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1801870                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.500675                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3118                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001730                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6812951                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2136127                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1773556                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1804988                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3817                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31186                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1780                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        50233                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         22122                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1745                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1908325                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179550                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        96130                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          234                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1479                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        16078                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16683                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        32761                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1776198                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153539                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25671                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             249189                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         252107                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            95650                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.493542                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1773630                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1773556                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         1019081                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2746335                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.492808                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371069                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1331086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1637851                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270443                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          453                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        29046                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3155389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2483789     78.72%     78.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       332836     10.55%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125916      3.99%     93.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59535      1.89%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50397      1.60%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29177      0.92%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25715      0.81%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11377      0.36%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36647      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3155389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1331086                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1637851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               242710                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              148360                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               226                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           236193                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1475678                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        33723                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        36647                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            5027023                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3866863                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 42424                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                393258                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1331086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1637851                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1331086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.703717                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.703717                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.369861                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.369861                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        7991441                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2472200                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1772994                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         240232                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216429                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14490                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92208                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83773                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13110                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          661                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2527506                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1506475                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            240232                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        96883                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              297111                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         46270                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       401603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          146806                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14341                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      3257676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.543223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.843631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2960565     90.88%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          10482      0.32%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          21517      0.66%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           9036      0.28%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          48541      1.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          43703      1.34%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           8213      0.25%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          17888      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         137731      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      3257676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.066752                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.418596                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2501429                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       428147                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          295828                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1022                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        31247                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        21186                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1766208                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        31247                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2505396                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        385008                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        30669                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          293168                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        12185                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1764148                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         5914                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          149                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2081172                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      8302297                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      8302297                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1803025                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         278138                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          212                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          112                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           30078                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       412181                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       206849                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1978                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        10204                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1758172                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          212                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1675242                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1384                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       161702                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399506                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3257676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.514245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2654762     81.49%     81.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184564      5.67%     87.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       149052      4.58%     91.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64655      1.98%     93.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        80752      2.48%     96.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75379      2.31%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42903      1.32%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3584      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2025      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3257676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4155     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31728     86.13%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          953      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055543     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14617      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       398887     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206095     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1675242                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.465490                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36836                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021988                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6646380                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1920135                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1658676                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1712078                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2861                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20449                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1917                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        31247                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        376266                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1758384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       412181                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       206849                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          112                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1995                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7755                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8969                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        16724                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1661992                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       397309                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13250                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             603361                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         217339                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           206052                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.461808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1658806                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1658676                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          897978                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1779961                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.460887                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.504493                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1337207                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1571700                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       186910                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        14567                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3226428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2653135     82.23%     82.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       211594      6.56%     88.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98615      3.06%     91.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96256      2.98%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26674      0.83%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110081      3.41%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8695      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6187      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15191      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3226428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1337207                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1571700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               596661                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              391729                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           207480                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1397814                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        15288                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        15191                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4969847                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3548503                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 55468                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                341204                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1337207                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1571700                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1337207                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.691341                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.691341                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.371562                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.371562                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        8206233                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1932826                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       2091429                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3597770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         207754                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169452                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21734                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83906                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79260                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20635                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          930                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2009975                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1227103                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            207754                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        99895                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              251955                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         68100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       234554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          125301                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21729                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2542068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2290113     90.09%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          13218      0.52%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          21160      0.83%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          31924      1.26%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          13199      0.52%     93.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          15720      0.62%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          16305      0.64%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          11554      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         128875      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2542068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.057745                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.341073                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1983113                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       262121                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          250050                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1529                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        45254                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        33708                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          334                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1488360                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        45254                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1988182                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        112575                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       133597                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          246640                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        15808                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1485251                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          752                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         3157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         8140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          875                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2031493                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6921502                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6921502                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1678275                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         353004                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          324                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           45976                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       150830                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        83391                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4211                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        16032                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1480359                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          323                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1382055                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2714                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222761                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521971                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2542068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.230782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1951648     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240315      9.45%     86.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132651      5.22%     91.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86799      3.41%     94.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78706      3.10%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24479      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17391      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6156      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3923      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2542068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           371     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1333     41.14%     52.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1536     47.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1137701     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25426      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137178      9.93%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81597      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1382055                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.384142                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3240                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002344                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5312132                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1703513                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1356791                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1385295                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6484                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32066                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           71                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5696                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1092                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        45254                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         95246                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1946                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1480682                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           49                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150830                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83391                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1071                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           69                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           71                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11863                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13326                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        25189                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1362056                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129767                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19999                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             211231                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         184821                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            81464                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.378583                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1356914                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1356791                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          803039                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2036505                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.377120                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394322                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1005463                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226063                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255618                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        22135                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2496814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336118                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1999488     80.08%     80.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       237214      9.50%     89.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98093      3.93%     93.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50456      2.02%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37416      1.50%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21450      0.86%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13059      0.52%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11077      0.44%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28561      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2496814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1005463                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1226063                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               196430                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              118743                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           170307                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1108441                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23912                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        28561                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3949934                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3008815                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 35626                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1055702                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1005463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1226063                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1005463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.578222                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.578222                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.279468                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.279468                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6181670                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1854247                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1409784                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         207911                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169569                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21799                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84301                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79271                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20715                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          930                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2013036                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1230380                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            207911                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        99986                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              252523                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         68516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       228774                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          125561                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21802                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2540258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.589021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2287735     90.06%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          13212      0.52%     90.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          21199      0.83%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          31884      1.26%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13292      0.52%     93.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          15763      0.62%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          16390      0.65%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          11583      0.46%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         129200      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2540258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.057771                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.341879                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1986560                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       255971                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          250659                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1473                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        45594                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        33725                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          333                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1492146                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        45594                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1991581                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         90703                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       149311                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          247253                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        15804                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1488913                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         8230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1156                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2035811                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6940149                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6940149                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1679772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         356038                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          325                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           45640                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       151320                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        83852                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4258                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16044                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1484123                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          324                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1385188                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2510                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       225170                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       526283                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2540258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.233214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1949240     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240322      9.46%     86.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132315      5.21%     91.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87184      3.43%     94.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79127      3.11%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24467      0.96%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17405      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6173      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4025      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2540258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           373     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1360     41.39%     52.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1553     47.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1139755     82.28%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25546      1.84%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137676      9.94%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82058      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1385188                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.384894                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3286                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002372                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5316430                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709687                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1359871                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1388474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6531                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32364                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           71                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5998                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1160                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        45594                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         75171                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1840                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1484447                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           46                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151320                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83852                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          983                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           81                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           71                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11860                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13391                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        25251                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1365192                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130221                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19996                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             212123                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         184949                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            81902                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.379338                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1359998                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1359871                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          804696                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2040348                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.377860                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394392                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1006644                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1227402                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       258245                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22210                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2494664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1996943     80.05%     80.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       237079      9.50%     89.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98395      3.94%     93.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50589      2.03%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37429      1.50%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21484      0.86%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13119      0.53%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11092      0.44%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28534      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2494664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1006644                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1227402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               196809                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              118956                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           170425                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1109692                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        23925                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        28534                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3951777                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3016897                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 35765                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1058622                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1006644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1227402                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1006644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.575127                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.575127                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.279710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.279710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6197095                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1857602                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1413903                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         240407                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216537                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14482                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93575                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83908                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13093                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          667                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2533621                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1508343                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            240407                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        97001                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              297395                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         46119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       391867                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          147134                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14337                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      3254195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.845199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2956800     90.86%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          10428      0.32%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          21436      0.66%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           9100      0.28%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          48628      1.49%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          43826      1.35%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           8337      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          17920      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         137720      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      3254195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.066801                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.419115                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2505985                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       419975                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          296143                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          986                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        31103                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        21233                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1767996                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        31103                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2510053                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        376196                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        31235                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          293425                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12180                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1765987                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         5797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          157                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2082064                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      8311596                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      8311596                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1806369                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         275683                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           30312                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       412941                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       207362                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1924                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        10206                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1760154                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1678280                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1318                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       160382                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       394145                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3254195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.515728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2649541     81.42%     81.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       185431      5.70%     87.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       149554      4.60%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64908      1.99%     93.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81104      2.49%     96.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75100      2.31%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42862      1.32%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3631      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2064      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3254195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4228     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31630     85.92%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          956      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1057078     62.99%     62.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14673      0.87%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       399849     23.82%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206580     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1678280                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.466334                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36814                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021936                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6648887                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1920796                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1661947                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1715094                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2833                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20161                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1910                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        31103                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        367384                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3398                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1760365                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       412941                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       207362                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         2123                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7698                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8938                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        16636                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1665231                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       398334                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13049                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             604874                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         217742                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           206540                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.462708                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1662073                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1661947                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          899839                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1783435                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.461796                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.504554                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1340113                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1574997                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       185572                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        14560                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3223092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2648356     82.17%     82.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       212183      6.58%     88.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98860      3.07%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96576      3.00%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26897      0.83%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110170      3.42%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8642      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6188      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15220      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3223092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1340113                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1574997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               598225                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              392773                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           207922                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1400715                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        15306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        15220                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4968441                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3552262                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 55473                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                344685                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1340113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1574997                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1340113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.685505                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.685505                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.372369                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.372369                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        8223411                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1935859                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       2094835                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3598741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         240041                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216201                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14441                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93382                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83739                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13094                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          664                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2526975                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1505836                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            240041                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        96833                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              296908                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         46030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       404489                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          146749                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14291                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      3259638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.842586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2962730     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          10437      0.32%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          21457      0.66%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           9053      0.28%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          48493      1.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          43686      1.34%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           8304      0.25%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          17920      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         137558      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      3259638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.066701                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.418434                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2500612                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       431325                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          295655                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          986                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        31057                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        21207                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1765192                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        31057                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2504604                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        388571                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        30442                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          292975                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        11986                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1763163                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         5684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          157                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2079291                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      8298181                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      8298181                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1803514                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         275703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           29809                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       411967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       206856                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1913                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        10199                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1757264                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1675336                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1282                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       160363                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       393987                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3259638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.513964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2657487     81.53%     81.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184043      5.65%     87.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       148685      4.56%     91.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64464      1.98%     93.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        80773      2.48%     96.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75452      2.31%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        43025      1.32%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3643      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2066      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3259638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4234     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31783     85.95%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          960      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055625     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14639      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       398880     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206092     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1675336                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.465534                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36977                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022071                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6648569                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1917887                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1659033                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1712313                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2852                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20173                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1885                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        31057                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        380025                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3261                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1757475                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       411967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       206856                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         2064                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7662                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8930                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        16592                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1662307                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       397363                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13029                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             603417                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         217341                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           206054                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.461913                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1659156                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1659033                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          898310                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1780885                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.461004                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.504418                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1337506                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1572099                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       185552                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        14517                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3228581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486932                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2655551     82.25%     82.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       211242      6.54%     88.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98422      3.05%     91.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96324      2.98%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26729      0.83%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110300      3.42%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8649      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6181      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15183      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3228581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1337506                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1572099                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               596740                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              391782                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           207547                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1398182                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        15302                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        15183                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4971049                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3546446                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 55572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                339103                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1337506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1572099                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1337506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.690635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.690635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.371659                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.371659                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        8208214                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1932931                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       2090878                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         208159                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169803                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21784                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83865                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79138                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20693                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          914                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2013288                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1230400                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            208159                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        99831                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              252360                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         68460                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       242504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          125522                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21796                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2554024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2301664     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          13157      0.52%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          21268      0.83%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          31963      1.25%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13187      0.52%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          15692      0.61%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          16311      0.64%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          11536      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         129246      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2554024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.057840                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.341884                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1986463                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       270027                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          250461                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1530                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        45542                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        33726                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          331                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1491382                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        45542                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1991637                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         83877                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       169201                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          246916                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        16839                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1488188                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         1483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         3065                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         8244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1714                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2035767                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6935452                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6935452                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1679772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         355994                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          335                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          182                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           46762                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       150860                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        83481                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4186                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        17106                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1483374                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          334                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1385030                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2437                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       225357                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521974                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           29                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2554024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.230363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1962465     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       241164      9.44%     86.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132778      5.20%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86307      3.38%     94.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79078      3.10%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24432      0.96%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17656      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6171      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3973      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2554024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           394     11.91%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1374     41.52%     53.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1541     46.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1140184     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25554      1.85%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137430      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81709      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1385030                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.384850                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3309                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002389                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5329830                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709133                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1359901                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1388339                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6633                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31904                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           69                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5627                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1086                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        45542                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         69309                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1819                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1483708                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150860                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83481                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          976                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           66                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           69                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11817                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13485                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25302                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1364998                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130010                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20032                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             211586                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         185257                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            81576                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.379284                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1359999                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1359901                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          804868                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2040806                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.377868                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394387                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1006644                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1227402                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       257334                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22209                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2508482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333441                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2010068     80.13%     80.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238082      9.49%     89.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98338      3.92%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50320      2.01%     95.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37459      1.49%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21511      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13204      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10931      0.44%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28569      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2508482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1006644                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1227402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               196809                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              118956                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           170425                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1109692                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        23925                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        28569                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3964649                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3015027                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 35724                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1044856                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1006644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1227402                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1006644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.575127                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.575127                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.279710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.279710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6195889                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1858104                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1413590                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         270263                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       221459                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28427                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110292                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103274                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27339                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1254                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2591594                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1542813                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            270263                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       130613                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              337679                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         81790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       213532                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          161382                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28292                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      3195555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2857876     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          36056      1.13%     90.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          41824      1.31%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          23021      0.72%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          25847      0.81%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          14834      0.46%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          10464      0.33%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          26434      0.83%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         159199      4.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      3195555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075096                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.428693                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2569266                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       236574                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          334619                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2791                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        52301                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        43812                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          449                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1882197                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2442                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        52301                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2573853                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         29382                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       194903                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          332765                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12347                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1880121                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2614593                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      8750104                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      8750104                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      2198735                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         415850                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          496                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          280                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           35010                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       180122                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        97053                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2307                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        20640                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1874911                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          496                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1761724                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2483                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       253816                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       592037                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           63                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3195555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2452938     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       299197      9.36%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160352      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       111123      3.48%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96695      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49348      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12208      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7866      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5828      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3195555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           427     10.88%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1785     45.48%     56.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1713     43.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1475231     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27494      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162682      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        96103      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1761724                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.489520                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3925                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002228                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6725411                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2129268                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1730458                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1765649                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4519                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34476                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2866                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          147                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        52301                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         26180                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1506                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1875418                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          590                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       180122                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        97053                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          280                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          988                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15688                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16407                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        32095                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1734163                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152617                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27561                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             248669                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         241780                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            96052                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.481862                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1730578                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1730458                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         1029506                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2696408                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.480832                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381806                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1290786                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1583718                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       291734                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        28413                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3143254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2495505     79.39%     79.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       301085      9.58%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       126140      4.01%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        74853      2.38%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52222      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33748      1.07%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17765      0.57%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        13912      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28024      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3143254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1290786                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1583718                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               239830                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              145643                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           226646                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1427803                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        32227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        28024                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4990669                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3803217                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 41841                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                403325                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1290786                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1583718                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1290786                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.788131                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.788131                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.358663                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.358663                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        7820440                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2404603                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1755172                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         278361                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       227740                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28881                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       113025                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107193                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          28111                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1309                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2668778                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1556497                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            278361                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       135304                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              323282                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         79893                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       156646                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          164887                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28770                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      3199381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2876099     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          14931      0.47%     90.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          23393      0.73%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31289      0.98%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          33588      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          28172      0.88%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          15263      0.48%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          23701      0.74%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         152945      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      3199381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077347                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.432495                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2641340                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       184641                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          322420                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          537                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        50438                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        45637                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1907999                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1286                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        50438                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2649067                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         25873                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       141594                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          315276                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        17128                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1906134                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         7384                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2659787                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      8863312                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      8863312                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      2274294                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         385493                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          460                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          236                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           53088                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       179252                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        95696                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1170                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        40828                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1902609                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          461                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1796231                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          363                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       229488                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       554937                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3199381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.248607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2426251     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       328440     10.27%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       163299      5.10%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       114311      3.57%     94.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        91283      2.85%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37464      1.17%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        24160      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12536      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1637      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3199381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           401     12.44%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1196     37.11%     49.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1626     50.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1511764     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26698      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          224      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162249      9.03%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95296      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1796231                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.499108                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3223                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001794                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6795429                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2132570                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1767397                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1799454                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3719                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31503                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           13                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1733                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        50438                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         21662                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1769                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1903075                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179252                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        95696                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          235                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1494                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           13                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15977                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16984                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        32961                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1770010                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152805                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26221                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             248077                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         251079                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            95272                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.491822                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1767489                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1767397                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         1015555                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2738769                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.491096                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.370807                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1325678                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1631149                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271932                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          453                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        29019                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3148943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.348999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2467895     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       343633     10.91%     89.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       123968      3.94%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59221      1.88%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        57837      1.84%     96.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29196      0.93%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20780      0.66%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11395      0.36%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35018      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3148943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1325678                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1631149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               241712                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              147749                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               226                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           235204                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1469652                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        33580                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        35018                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            5016993                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3856607                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 42359                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                399499                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1325678                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1631149                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1325678                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.714747                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.714747                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.368358                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.368358                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        7963617                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       2463667                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1767884                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         269342                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       220605                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28218                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110136                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103517                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27239                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2583447                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1537763                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            269342                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       130756                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              337048                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         80689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       231646                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          160818                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28083                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      3204018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587279                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.927273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2866970     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          36099      1.13%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          41948      1.31%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          23004      0.72%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          25974      0.81%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          14776      0.46%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          10438      0.33%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          26231      0.82%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         158578      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      3204018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.074841                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.427289                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2561390                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       254404                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          333996                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2796                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        51428                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        43750                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          449                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1876155                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2430                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        51428                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2565941                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         29226                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       213041                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          332180                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        12198                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1874097                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5893                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2604873                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      8723917                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      8723917                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      2197179                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         407694                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          490                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          275                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           34724                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       179499                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        96852                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2196                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        20608                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1869036                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          492                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1758178                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2362                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       248688                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       580986                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3204018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.548742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2464151     76.91%     76.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       297663      9.29%     86.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159354      4.97%     91.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110488      3.45%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96881      3.02%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49485      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12418      0.39%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7738      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5840      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3204018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           437     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1777     45.09%     56.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1727     43.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1472305     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27439      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162256      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95964      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1758178                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.488535                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3941                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002242                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6726677                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2118259                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1727441                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1762119                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4376                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33956                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          144                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        51428                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         23416                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1438                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1869535                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          565                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179499                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        96852                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          276                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          953                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15712                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16153                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        31865                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1731205                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152406                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26973                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             248315                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         241365                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            95909                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.481040                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1727555                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1727441                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         1027578                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2693324                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.479994                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381528                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1289893                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1582608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       286962                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        28190                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3152590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2506330     79.50%     79.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       299919      9.51%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125655      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        74954      2.38%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52031      1.65%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33900      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17769      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        13977      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28055      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3152590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1289893                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1582608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               239660                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              145543                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           226492                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1426801                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        32204                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        28055                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4994092                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3790573                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 41528                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                394862                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1289893                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1582608                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1289893                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.790061                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.790061                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.358415                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.358415                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        7807964                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2399393                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1749742                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          707                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2044.346366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          86778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        31.532703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks         106.988675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    11.923167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   297.782265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1627.652259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.052241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.005822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.145401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.794752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.998216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 704                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    661767027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     676248280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      731496161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     731496161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              1064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               1121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              1121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.608083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.628011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.628011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1043796.572555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1045205.996909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    606097528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    619437381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     50242998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50242998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656340526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    669680379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656340526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    669680379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 955989.791798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957399.352396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 881456.105263                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881456.105263                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949841.571635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951250.538352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949841.571635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951250.538352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          259                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.493924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          51363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        22.263979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.345206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.047853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   128.273813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1863.827051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.010766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.062634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.910072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   479                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46474954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    194455387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     240930341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46474954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    194455387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      240930341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46474954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    194455387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     240930341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.331927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.330532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.350949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.330532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.350949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2020650.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 823963.504237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930232.976834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2020650.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 823963.504237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930232.976834                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2020650.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 823963.504237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930232.976834                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     44454893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    173730754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218185647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     44454893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    173730754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218185647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     44454893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    173730754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218185647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.331927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.330532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.330532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1932821.434783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 736147.262712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842415.625483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1932821.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 736147.262712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842415.625483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1932821.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 736147.262712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842415.625483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.123253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.123253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.985399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    44.963048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1946.051553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.021955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.950220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44849499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     76152667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     121002166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44849499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     76152667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      121002166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44849499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     76152667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     121002166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2135690.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 836842.494505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1080376.482143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2135690.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 836842.494505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1080376.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2135690.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 836842.494505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1080376.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43005699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     68162867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111168566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43005699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     68162867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111168566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43005699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     68162867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111168566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2047890.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 749042.494505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992576.482143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2047890.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 749042.494505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992576.482143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2047890.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 749042.494505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992576.482143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.121544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.973529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    44.877825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1946.148646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.021913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.950268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55046044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     77986122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     133032166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55046044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     77986122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      133032166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55046044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     77986122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     133032166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2621240.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 856990.351648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1187787.196429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2621240.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 856990.351648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1187787.196429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2621240.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 856990.351648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1187787.196429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     53202244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     69994743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123196987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     53202244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     69994743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123196987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     53202244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     69994743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123196987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2533440.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       769173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099973.098214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2533440.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       769173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099973.098214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2533440.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       769173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099973.098214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          265                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.536438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                          51365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        22.207090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.389186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.190616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   130.903884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1859.052752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.011812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.063918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.907741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          480                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   481                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          240                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 265                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61522954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    200406320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     261929274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61522954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    200406320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      261929274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61522954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    200406320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     261929274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2460918.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 835026.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 988412.354717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2460918.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 835026.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 988412.354717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2460918.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 835026.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 988412.354717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 40                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      40                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59327954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    179332592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238660546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59327954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    179332592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    238660546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59327954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    179332592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    238660546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2373118.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 747219.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900605.833962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2373118.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 747219.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900605.833962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2373118.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 747219.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900605.833962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          499                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         113401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        44.523361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.632775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.598376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.373397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1794.395452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.114440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.876170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          508                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   508                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 499                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15121234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    458261941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     473383175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15121234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    458261941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      473383175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15121234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    458261941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     473383175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              1007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               1007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              1007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.488419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.495531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.488419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.495531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.488419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.495531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1080088.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 944869.981443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 948663.677355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1080088.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 944869.981443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948663.677355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1080088.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 944869.981443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948663.677355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                100                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     100                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13892034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    415678941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    429570975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13892034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    415678941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    429570975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13892034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    415678941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    429570975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.488419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.488419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.488419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 992288.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 857069.981443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860863.677355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 992288.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 857069.981443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860863.677355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 992288.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 857069.981443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860863.677355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          195                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2046.995783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         118810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        52.969238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.995783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.405532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    89.444137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1904.150331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.043674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.929761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   405                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 195                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     85611070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    156632972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     242244042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     85611070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    156632972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      242244042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     85611070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    156632972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     242244042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.326633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.325000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.325000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3057538.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 937921.988024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1242277.138462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3057538.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 937921.988024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1242277.138462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3057538.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 937921.988024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1242277.138462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 83                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      83                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     83151935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    141965793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225117728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     83151935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    141965793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225117728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     83151935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    141965793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225117728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2969711.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 850094.568862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1154449.887179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2969711.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 850094.568862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1154449.887179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2969711.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 850094.568862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1154449.887179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          491                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         113399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        44.662859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.636252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.594136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.546894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1795.222719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.114037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.876574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          506                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   506                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 491                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16613477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    476851645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     493465122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16613477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    476851645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      493465122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16613477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    476851645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     493465122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.485249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.492477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.485249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.492477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.485249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.492477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1186676.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 999688.983229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1005020.615071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1186676.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 999688.983229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1005020.615071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1186676.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 999688.983229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1005020.615071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                100                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     100                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15384277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    434964002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    450348279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15384277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    434964002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    450348279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15384277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    434964002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    450348279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.485249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.485249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.485249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1098876.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 911874.218029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917206.270876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1098876.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 911874.218029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917206.270876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1098876.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 911874.218029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917206.270876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          703                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2044.667190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                          86785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2748                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        31.581150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks         107.138643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    11.879818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   297.712081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1627.936648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.052314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.005801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.145367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.794891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.998373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            490                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 490                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          418                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   418                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          690                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 703                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     17998678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    644810040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     662808718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     48361923                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     48361923                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     17998678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    693171963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      711170641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     17998678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    693171963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     711170641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              1065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          490                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             490                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              56                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               1121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              1121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.602662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.607512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.622744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.627119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.622744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.627119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1384513.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1017050.536278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1024433.876352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 863605.767857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 863605.767857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1384513.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1004597.047826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1011622.533428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1384513.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1004597.047826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1011622.533428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                379                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     379                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16857278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    589316448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    606173726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     43444956                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43444956                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16857278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    632761404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    649618682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16857278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    632761404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    649618682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.602662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.622744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.622744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1296713.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 929521.211356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 936899.112828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 775802.785714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775802.785714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1296713.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 917045.513043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924066.403983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1296713.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 917045.513043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924066.403983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          696                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2044.661570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          86790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        31.663626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks         109.221974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    11.936713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   292.307005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1631.195878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.053331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.005828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.142728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.796482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.998370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            492                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 492                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          422                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   422                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          680                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 693                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12663553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    616191640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     628855193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     50948521                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     50948521                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12663553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    667140161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      679803714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12663553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    667140161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     679803714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              1059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          492                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             492                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              56                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               1115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              1115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.596558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.601511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.617060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.621525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.617060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.621525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 974119.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 987486.602564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 987213.803768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 909795.017857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 909795.017857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 974119.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 981088.472059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 980957.740260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 974119.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 981088.472059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 980957.740260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                374                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     374                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11518403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    561174316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    572692719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     46095887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46095887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11518403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    607270203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    618788606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11518403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    607270203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    618788606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.596558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.601511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.617060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.617060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       886031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 899317.814103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 899046.654631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 823140.839286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823140.839286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       886031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 893044.416176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 892912.851371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       886031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 893044.416176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 892912.851371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          502                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         113401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        44.470980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.633333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.591847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   236.222190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1792.552630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.006637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.115343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.875270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          508                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   508                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 502                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18250550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    468600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     486850550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18250550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    468600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      486850550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18250550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    468600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     486850550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              1010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               1010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              1010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.497030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.497030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.497030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1303610.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 960245.901639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969821.812749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1303610.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 960245.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 969821.812749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1303610.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 960245.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 969821.812749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                101                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     101                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17021350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    425753600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442774950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17021350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    425753600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    442774950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17021350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    425753600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    442774950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1215810.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 872445.901639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882021.812749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1215810.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 872445.901639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882021.812749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1215810.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 872445.901639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882021.812749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          493                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         113400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        44.628099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.634634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.594248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   235.424691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1793.346427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.114953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.875657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          507                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   507                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 495                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17181875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    469213654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     486395529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17181875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    469213654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      486395529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17181875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    469213654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     486395529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              1002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               1002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              1002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.494012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.494012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.494012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1227276.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 975496.162162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 982617.230303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1227276.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 975496.162162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 982617.230303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1227276.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 975496.162162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 982617.230303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                100                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     100                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15952675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    427147787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443100462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15952675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    427147787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    443100462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15952675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    427147787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    443100462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1139476.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 888041.137214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 895152.448485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1139476.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 888041.137214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 895152.448485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1139476.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 888041.137214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 895152.448485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          704                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2044.478947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          86792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2748                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        31.583697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks         105.639004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    11.878490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   301.184894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1625.776558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.051582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.005800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.147063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.793836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.998281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            490                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 490                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          423                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   423                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                55                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          689                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 702                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14856651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    624252523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     639109174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     49191854                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     49191854                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14856651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    673444377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      688301028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14856651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    673444377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     688301028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              1070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          490                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             490                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              55                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               1125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              1125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.599811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.604673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.619604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.624000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.619604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.624000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1142819.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 984625.430599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 987803.978362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 894397.345455                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 894397.345455                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1142819.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 977422.898403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 980485.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1142819.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 977422.898403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 980485.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                382                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     382                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13715251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    568584537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    582299788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     44450654                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44450654                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13715251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    613035191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    626750442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13715251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    613035191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    626750442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.599811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.604673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.619604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.619604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1055019.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 896821.036278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 899999.672334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 808193.709091                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 808193.709091                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1055019.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 889746.285922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 892806.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1055019.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 889746.285922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 892806.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          228                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.647131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         135293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2273                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        59.521777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.910322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.028627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   103.000846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1835.707336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.050293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.896341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          473                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 226                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55243996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    193280118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     248524114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55243996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    193280118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      248524114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55243996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    193280118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     248524114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.300595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.324247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.299259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.322857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.299259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.322857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2301833.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 956832.267327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1099664.221239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2301833.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 956832.267327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1099664.221239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2301833.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 956832.267327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1099664.221239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                140                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     140                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53136796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    175541319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228678115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53136796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    175541319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228678115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53136796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    175541319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228678115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.300595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.299259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.299259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2214033.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 869016.430693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1011850.066372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2214033.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 869016.430693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1011850.066372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2214033.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 869016.430693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1011850.066372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          192                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2046.958834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         118811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        53.040625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.958834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.647347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    87.711800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1906.640853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.011547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.042828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.930977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          405                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   406                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          165                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 192                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     77827014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    144996773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     222823787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     77827014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    144996773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      222823787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     77827014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    144996773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     222823787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.291005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.322689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.289474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.321070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.289474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.321070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2882482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 878768.321212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1160540.557292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2882482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 878768.321212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1160540.557292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2882482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 878768.321212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1160540.557292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 82                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      82                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75454916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    130507560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205962476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75454916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    130507560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    205962476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75454916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    130507560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    205962476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.291005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.289474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.289474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2794626.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 790954.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1072721.229167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2794626.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 790954.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1072721.229167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2794626.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 790954.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1072721.229167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          221                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.650945                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         135296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        59.706973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.894927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    14.044231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   102.101791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1836.609996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.049854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.896782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 219                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48065071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    163775414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     211840485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48065071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    163775414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      211840485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48065071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    163775414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     211840485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.315562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.314204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.314204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1922602.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844203.164948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 967308.150685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1922602.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844203.164948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 967308.150685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1922602.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844203.164948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 967308.150685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                138                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     138                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45869472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    146739378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    192608850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45869472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    146739378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    192608850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45869472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    146739378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    192608850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1834778.880000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 756388.546392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879492.465753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1834778.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 756388.546392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879492.465753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1834778.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 756388.546392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879492.465753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.745934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494287.962151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125035930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             91668.570381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   190.171120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    65.828880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.742856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.257144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              548.048833                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              643102064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1169276.480000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.005294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.043540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.036867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       161842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       161842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         161842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       161842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        161842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53848076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53848076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53848076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53848076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53848076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53848076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       161876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       161876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       161876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       161876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       161876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1583766.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1583766.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1583766.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1583766.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1583766.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1583766.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46731467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46731467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46731467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46731467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46731467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46731467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1947144.458333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1947144.458333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1947144.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1947144.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1947144.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1947144.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              150656469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             155315.947423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   161.696924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    94.303076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.631629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.368371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       221174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        221174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        50100                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        50100                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       271274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         271274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       271274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        271274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    997098331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    997098331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1267769                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1267769                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    998366100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    998366100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    998366100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    998366100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       223643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        50115                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        50115                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       273758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       273758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       273758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       273758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 403847.035642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 403847.035642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84517.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84517.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 401918.719807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 401918.719807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 401918.719807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 401918.719807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1770                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1770                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    227432282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227432282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    227624582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    227624582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    227624582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    227624582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 319876.627286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319876.627286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 318801.935574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318801.935574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 318801.935574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318801.935574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              469.751348                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              749898610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1568825.543933                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.751348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.023640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       172135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        172135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       172135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         172135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       172135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        172135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71399871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71399871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71399871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71399871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71399871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71399871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       172166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       172166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       172166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       172166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       172166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2303221.645161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2303221.645161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2303221.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2303221.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2303221.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2303221.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     45153656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45153656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     45153656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45153656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     45153656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45153656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1963202.434783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1963202.434783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1963202.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1963202.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1963202.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1963202.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              108919643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             150441.495856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   137.562144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   118.437856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.537352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.462648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       136077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        136077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       100110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       100110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       236187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         236187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       236187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        236187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    236313275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    236313275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1077911                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077911                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    237391186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    237391186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    237391186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    237391186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       137287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       100122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       237409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       237409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       237409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       237409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 195300.227273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 195300.227273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 89825.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89825.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 194264.472995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 194264.472995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 194264.472995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 194264.472995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    101212335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101212335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       208396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    101420731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101420731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    101420731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101420731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 217660.935484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 217660.935484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 69465.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69465.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 216710.963675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 216710.963675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 216710.963675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 216710.963675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              469.738561                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              749898365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1568825.031381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.738561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.023619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       171890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       171890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         171890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       171890                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        171890                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     88387471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88387471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     88387471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88387471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     88387471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88387471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       171922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       171922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       171922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       171922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       171922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2762108.468750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2762108.468750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2762108.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2762108.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2762108.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2762108.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55350151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55350151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55350151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55350151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55350151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55350151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2406528.304348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2406528.304348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2406528.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2406528.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2406528.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2406528.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              108919320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             150441.049724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   137.404237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   118.595763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.536735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.463265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       135893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        99971                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99971                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       235864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         235864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       235864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        235864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    237821411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    237821411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1077311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    238898722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    238898722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    238898722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    238898722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       137103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        99983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       237086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       237086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       237086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       237086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 196546.620661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 196546.620661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 89775.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89775.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 195498.135843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 195498.135843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 195498.135843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 195498.135843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    103044932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103044932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       208346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    103253278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103253278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    103253278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103253278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 221602.004301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221602.004301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 69448.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69448.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 220626.662393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 220626.662393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 220626.662393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 220626.662393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              550.191728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              643101802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1165039.496377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.147856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   525.043872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.040301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.841416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       161580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       161580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         161580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       161580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        161580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68986692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68986692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68986692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68986692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68986692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68986692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       161616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       161616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       161616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       161616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       161616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1916297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1916297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1916297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1916297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1916297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1916297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61795941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61795941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61795941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61795941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61795941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61795941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2376766.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2376766.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2376766.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2376766.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2376766.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2376766.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  720                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              150656728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             154361.401639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   161.918035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    94.081965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.632492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.367508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       221392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        221392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        50141                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        50141                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       271533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         271533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       271533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        271533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1035673791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1035673791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1266149                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1266149                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1036939940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1036939940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1036939940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1036939940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       223849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        50156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        50156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       274005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       274005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       274005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       274005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 421519.654457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421519.654457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84409.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84409.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 419474.085761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 419474.085761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 419474.085761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 419474.085761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    233609021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233609021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    233801321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233801321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    233801321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233801321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 325814.534170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325814.534170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 324724.056944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324724.056944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 324724.056944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324724.056944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              556.597557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              765428574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1374198.517056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.597557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.021791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       147676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        147676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       147676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         147676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       147676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        147676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16140803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16140803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16140803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16140803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16140803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16140803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       147692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       147692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       147692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       147692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       147692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1008800.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1008800.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1008800.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1008800.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1008800.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1008800.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15237736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15237736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15237736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15237736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15237736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15237736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1088409.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1088409.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1088409.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1088409.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1088409.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1088409.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  993                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              287977046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1249                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             230566.089672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   103.659212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   152.340788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.404919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.595081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       378029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        378029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       206276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       206276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       584305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         584305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       584305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        584305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         3656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3656                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         3656                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1881252041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1881252041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1881252041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1881252041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1881252041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1881252041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       381685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       381685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       206276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       206276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       587961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       587961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       587961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       587961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 514565.656729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 514565.656729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 514565.656729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 514565.656729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 514565.656729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 514565.656729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    496951915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    496951915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    496951915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    496951915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    496951915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    496951915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 500455.100705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 500455.100705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 500455.100705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 500455.100705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 500455.100705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 500455.100705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              500.169365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              746444963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1481041.593254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.169365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.040336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       165287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        165287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       165287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         165287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       165287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        165287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92797563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92797563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92797563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92797563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92797563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92797563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       165325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       165325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       165325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       165325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       165325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2442041.131579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2442041.131579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2442041.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2442041.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2442041.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2442041.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       807727                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 403863.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     85907659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85907659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     85907659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85907659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     85907659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85907659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2962333.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2962333.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2962333.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2962333.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2962333.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2962333.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              112808133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             136406.448609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   170.353983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    85.646017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.665445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.334555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       112220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        112220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        93899                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93899                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       206119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         206119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       206119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        206119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    611490081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    611490081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1160966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1160966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    612651047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    612651047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    612651047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    612651047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       114064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        93913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       207977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       207977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.016166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 331610.672993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 331610.672993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 82926.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82926.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 329736.839074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 329736.839074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 329736.839074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 329736.839074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    184103154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    184103154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    184295454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    184295454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    184295454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    184295454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 324125.271127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324125.271127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 322759.113835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322759.113835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 322759.113835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322759.113835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              556.593316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              765427688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1374196.926391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.593316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.021784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       146790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        146790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       146790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         146790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       146790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        146790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17633075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17633075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17633075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17633075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17633075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17633075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       146806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       146806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       146806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       146806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       146806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1102067.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1102067.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1102067.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1102067.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1102067.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1102067.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16729925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16729925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16729925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16729925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16729925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16729925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1194994.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1194994.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1194994.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1194994.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1194994.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1194994.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  983                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              287972310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             232423.171913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   103.597476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   152.402524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.404678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.595322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       374838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        374838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       204731                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       204731                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       579569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         579569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       579569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        579569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         3634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         3634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1954211116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1954211116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1954211116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1954211116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1954211116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1954211116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       378472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       378472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       204731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       204731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       583203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       583203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       583203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       583203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 537757.599340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 537757.599340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 537757.599340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 537757.599340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 537757.599340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 537757.599340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2651                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2651                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    515358957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    515358957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    515358957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    515358957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    515358957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    515358957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 524271.573754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 524271.573754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 524271.573754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 524271.573754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 524271.573754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 524271.573754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              501.742517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750133206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1494289.254980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.742517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.020421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       125276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       125276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         125276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       125276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        125276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     28967665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28967665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     28967665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     28967665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     28967665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     28967665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       125301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       125301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       125301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       125301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       125301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1158706.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1158706.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1158706.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1158706.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1158706.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1158706.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     18107690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18107690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     18107690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18107690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     18107690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18107690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1392899.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1392899.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1392899.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1392899.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1392899.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1392899.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 1106                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              125036966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             91803.939794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   190.556671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    65.443329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.744362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.255638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        95246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        76778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       172024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         172024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       172024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        172024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          501                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          501                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         3125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         3125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1719986627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1719986627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    415479563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    415479563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2135466190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2135466190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2135466190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2135466190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        97870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        77279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       175149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       175149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.026811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006483                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006483                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.017842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.017842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 655482.708460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 655482.708460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 829300.524950                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829300.524950                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 683349.180800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 683349.180800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 683349.180800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 683349.180800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          490                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             490                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    678192575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    678192575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     48826723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48826723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    727019298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    727019298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    727019298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    727019298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 644669.748099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 644669.748099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 871905.767857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871905.767857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 656154.601083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 656154.601083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 656154.601083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 656154.601083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              501.751592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750133471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1494289.782869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.751592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.020435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         125541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        125541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     18549029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18549029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     18549029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18549029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     18549029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18549029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       125561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       125561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 927451.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927451.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 927451.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927451.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 927451.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927451.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12772395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12772395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12772395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12772395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12772395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12772395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 982491.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 982491.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 982491.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 982491.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 982491.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 982491.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 1101                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              125037472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             92142.573324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   190.560877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    65.439123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.744378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.255622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        95614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        76917                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76917                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       172531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         172531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       172531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        172531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          526                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          526                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1624496997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1624496997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    433631678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    433631678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2058128675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2058128675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2058128675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2058128675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        98212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        98212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        77443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       175655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       175655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.026453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.017785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.017785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 625287.527714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 625287.527714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 824394.825095                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824394.825095                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 658811.995839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 658811.995839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 658811.995839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 658811.995839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    649745377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    649745377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     51405021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51405021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    701150398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    701150398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    701150398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    701150398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 621171.488528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 621171.488528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 917946.803571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917946.803571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 636252.629764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636252.629764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 636252.629764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636252.629764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              556.591028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              765428016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1374197.515260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.591028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.021780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       147118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        147118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       147118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         147118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       147118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        147118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     20182924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20182924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     20182924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20182924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     20182924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20182924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       147134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       147134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       147134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       147134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       147134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1261432.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1261432.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1261432.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1261432.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1261432.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1261432.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18367906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18367906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18367906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18367906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18367906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18367906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1311993.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1311993.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1311993.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1311993.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1311993.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1311993.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  996                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              287973849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             230011.061502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   103.597167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   152.402833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.404676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.595324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       375857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        375857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       205251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       205251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       581108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         581108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       581108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        581108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         3665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         3665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1916636360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1916636360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1916636360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1916636360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1916636360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1916636360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       379522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       379522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       205251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       205251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       584773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       584773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       584773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       584773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 522956.714870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 522956.714870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 522956.714870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 522956.714870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 522956.714870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 522956.714870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    507316947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    507316947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    507316947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507316947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    507316947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507316947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 509354.364458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509354.364458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 509354.364458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509354.364458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 509354.364458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509354.364458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              556.593428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              765427631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1374196.824057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.593428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.021784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       146733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        146733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       146733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         146733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       146733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        146733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     18201200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18201200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     18201200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18201200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     18201200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18201200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       146749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       146749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       146749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       146749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       146749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1137575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1137575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1137575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1137575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1137575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1137575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17298347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17298347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17298347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17298347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17298347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17298347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1235596.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1235596.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1235596.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1235596.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1235596.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1235596.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  986                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              287972393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             231861.830113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   103.625869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   152.374131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.404789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.595211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       374895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        374895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       204757                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       204757                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       579652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         579652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       579652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        579652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         3637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         3637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1930558689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1930558689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1930558689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1930558689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1930558689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1930558689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       378532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       378532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       204757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       204757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       583289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       583289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       583289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       583289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530810.747594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 530810.747594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530810.747594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 530810.747594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530810.747594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 530810.747594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    507781625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    507781625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    507781625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507781625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    507781625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507781625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 513949.013158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513949.013158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 513949.013158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513949.013158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 513949.013158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513949.013158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              501.733874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750133432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1494289.705179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.733874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.020407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         125502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        125502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     21904097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21904097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     21904097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     21904097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     21904097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     21904097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       125522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       125522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1095204.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1095204.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1095204.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1095204.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1095204.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1095204.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14972682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14972682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14972682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14972682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14972682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14972682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1151744.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1151744.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1151744.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1151744.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1151744.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1151744.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 1111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              125037218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             91468.337966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   190.623307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    65.376693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.744622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.255378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        95333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        76941                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76941                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       172274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         172274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       172274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        172274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          502                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          502                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         3148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         3148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1619869688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1619869688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    443203203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    443203203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2063072891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2063072891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2063072891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2063072891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        97979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        77443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       175422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       175422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.027006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 612195.649282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 612195.649282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 882874.906375                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 882874.906375                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 655359.876429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 655359.876429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 655359.876429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 655359.876429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          490                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             490                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    658064021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    658064021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     49640054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49640054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    707704075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    707704075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    707704075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    707704075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000710                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000710                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 622577.124882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 622577.124882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 902546.436364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902546.436364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 636424.527878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636424.527878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 636424.527878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636424.527878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              496.047745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              747005950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1473384.516765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.047745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.022512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       161338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       161338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         161338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       161338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        161338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     88876077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88876077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     88876077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88876077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     88876077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88876077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       161382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       161382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       161382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       161382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       161382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2019910.840909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2019910.840909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2019910.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2019910.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2019910.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2019910.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55509034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55509034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55509034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55509034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55509034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55509034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2220361.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2220361.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2220361.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2220361.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2220361.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2220361.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  675                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              117758430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             126485.961332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   178.289109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    77.710891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.696442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.303558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       111547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        93564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       205111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         205111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       205111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        205111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    820084474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    820084474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98785689                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     98785689                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    918870163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    918870163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    918870163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    918870163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       113805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        93728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       207533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       207533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.019841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001750                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001750                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 363190.643933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 363190.643933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 602351.762195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 602351.762195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 379384.873245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 379384.873245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 379384.873245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 379384.873245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1738711                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 579570.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    225782392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225782392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    225974692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225974692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    225974692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225974692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335985.702381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335985.702381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334777.321481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334777.321481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334777.321481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334777.321481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              499.410211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              746444516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1483985.121272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.410211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.039119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.800337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       164840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        164840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       164840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         164840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       164840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        164840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    111529158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111529158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    111529158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111529158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    111529158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111529158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       164887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       164887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       164887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       164887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       164887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       164887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2372960.808511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2372960.808511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2372960.808511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2372960.808511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2372960.808511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2372960.808511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     78115766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78115766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     78115766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78115766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     78115766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78115766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2789848.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2789848.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2789848.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2789848.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2789848.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2789848.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              112807261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             136570.533898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   170.002369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    85.997631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.664072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.335928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       111738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        93509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       205247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         205247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       205247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        205247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    604171864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    604171864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1358355                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1358355                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    605530219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    605530219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    605530219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    605530219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       113574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        93527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       207101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       207101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 329069.642702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 329069.642702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 75464.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75464.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 326607.453614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 326607.453614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 326607.453614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 326607.453614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1284                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1284                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    172503583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    172503583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    172695883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    172695883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    172695883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    172695883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 304239.123457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 304239.123457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 302975.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 302975.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 302975.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 302975.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              496.062425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              747005386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1470483.043307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    14.062425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.022536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       160774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       160774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         160774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       160774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        160774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77487446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77487446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77487446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77487446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77487446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77487446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       160818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       160818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       160818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       160818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       160818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1761078.318182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1761078.318182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1761078.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1761078.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1761078.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1761078.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48349019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48349019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48349019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48349019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48349019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48349019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1859577.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859577.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1859577.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859577.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1859577.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859577.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              117758332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             127031.641855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   178.352244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    77.647756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.696688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.303312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       111525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        93496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       205021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         205021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       205021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        205021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    829484759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    829484759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     92724259                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     92724259                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    922209018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    922209018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    922209018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    922209018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       113795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        93658                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93658                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       207453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       207453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 365411.788106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 365411.788106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 572371.969136                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 572371.969136                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 379197.787007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 379197.787007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 379197.787007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 379197.787007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1865791                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 466447.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196479448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196479448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196671748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    196671748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196671748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    196671748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 294130.910180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294130.910180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 293102.456036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293102.456036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 293102.456036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293102.456036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
