
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.117622                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                117621979032                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               644724041940                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 296889                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   374804                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1983040                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67748592                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59313.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17609669430                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22231102084                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2512512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2438784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1158912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1621888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2500480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2500736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3954048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4670208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1158784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      3941888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1624064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1158656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1157504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3959808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1622784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2480768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             38539264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12844416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          12844416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        19629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        19053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         9054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        12671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        19535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        19537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        30891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        36486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         9053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        30796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        12688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         9052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         9043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        30936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        12678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        19381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                301088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          100347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               100347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21360906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        37000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20734084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        37000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      9852852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13788988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        40265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21258612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21260788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        41353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33616574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     39705232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        37000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      9851764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        41353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     33513192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13807487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        37000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      9850676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        37000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      9840882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     33665545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13796605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        39176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21091024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               327653593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39176                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        37000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        37000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45706                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        40265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        41353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46794                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        37000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        41353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45706                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        37000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        37000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44618                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47882                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        39176                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             658380                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         109200815                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              109200815                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         109200815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        39176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21360906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        37000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20734084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        37000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      9852852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        45706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13788988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        40265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21258612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        41353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21260788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        41353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33616574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        46794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     39705232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        37000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      9851764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        41353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     33513192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        45706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13807487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        37000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      9850676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        37000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      9840882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        44618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     33665545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        47882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13796605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        39176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21091024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              436854408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              282067097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20712251                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16985448                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024102                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8541183                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8085660                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2122421                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91036                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197522788                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117737156                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20712251                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10208081                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25890384                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5765235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     18623426                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12171106                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2012990                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    245742089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      219851705     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2803303      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3239166      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1780598      0.72%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2066050      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1128473      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         767929      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        2009940      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12094925      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    245742089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073430                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.417408                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195927112                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     20249703                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25684325                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       194331                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3686612                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3362360                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18880                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143735777                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        93385                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3686612                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196230948                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       6576367                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     12812353                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25583172                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       852631                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143648486                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       224026                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       393161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199596237                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668824044                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668824044                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291692                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29304505                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37451                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20847                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2288682                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13720525                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7467881                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197077                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1661892                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143406077                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37536                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135457735                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       191007                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18045460                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41784065                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4086                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245742089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188677295     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22938050      9.33%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12330007      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8547438      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7467363      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3826827      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       915656      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595790      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443663      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245742089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35618     12.12%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       126975     43.22%     55.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131215     44.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113381553     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119668      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12524883      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7415047      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135457735                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.480232                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            293808                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002169                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517142370                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161490360                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133209644                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135751543                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       341259                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2436842                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          848                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1291                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       167209                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8294                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4237                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3686612                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       6083439                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       149816                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143443731                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74235                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13720525                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7467881                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20828                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105053                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1291                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1170009                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1140745                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2310754                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133464668                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11760865                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1993063                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19174299                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18673003                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7413434                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.473166                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133211666                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133209644                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79178727                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207417894                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.472262                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381735                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20756999                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2035829                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242055477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191935436     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23245183      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9739725      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5850482      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4053084      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2613456      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1360189      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1092309      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2165613      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242055477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2165613                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          383334083                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290576492                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3026171                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              36325008                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.820671                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.820671                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.354526                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.354526                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      602002117                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184874405                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134124992                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33420                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              282067097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19342744                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17263962                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1541721                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12917474                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12619621                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1162398                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46899                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204335064                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            109806779                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19342744                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     13782019                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24481775                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5048037                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      8295767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12363082                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1513264                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    240610250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      216128475     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3731187      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1880862      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3686488      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1188730      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3419821      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         539713      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         874630      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        9160344      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    240610250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068575                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.389293                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      202413195                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     10264453                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24433678                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        19384                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3479539                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1834389                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        18105                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    122855759                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        34205                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3479539                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      202632067                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       6593164                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2977791                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24216413                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       711270                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    122676999                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        94741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       543768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    160802763                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    555982798                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    555982798                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    130484663                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       30318080                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        16499                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8350                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1640529                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     22095630                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3598184                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       818006                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        122038473                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       114311646                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74711                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21953455                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44896123                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    240610250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190488783     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15772610      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16805649      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9708794      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5020492      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1256331      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1494191      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34613      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28787      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    240610250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192153     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78810     23.48%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64675     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89663148     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897456      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8150      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20175718     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3567174      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    114311646                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.405264                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335638                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002936                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    469643891                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144008777                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111419085                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    114647284                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89877                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4484414                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           99                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          300                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82974                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3479539                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       5789204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85546                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122055115                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6700                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22095630                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3598184                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8349                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41100                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2295                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          300                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1042111                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592456                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1634567                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112860669                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19887044                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1450977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           23454048                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17159386                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3567004                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.400120                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            111444808                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           111419085                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        67410625                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       146917144                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.395009                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.458834                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88760303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     99948261                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22111822                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16435                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1532047                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237130711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199910894     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14632177      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9390509      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2954705      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4905110      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959004      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607448      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556109      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3214755      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237130711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     88760303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     99948261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             21126421                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            17611211                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15333503                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        87351308                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1251304                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3214755                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          355975714                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         247602447                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4558681                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              41456847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          88760303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            99948261                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     88760303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.177852                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.177852                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.314678                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.314678                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      524563731                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     145202974                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     130448972                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16420                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              282067097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       24472985                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20376579                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2224687                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9498002                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8965923                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2635788                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103544                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213047447                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            134253201                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          24472985                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     11601711                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            27993157                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6182904                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     19158481                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           78                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        13227726                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2126750                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    264139483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      236146326     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1717705      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2172648      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3449428      1.31%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1439939      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1859315      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        2165016      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         988865      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       14200241      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    264139483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086763                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.475962                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      211799772                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     20528411                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        27860543                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        13221                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3937534                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3724359                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          576                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    164097254                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         3026                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3937534                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      212013631                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        682543                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     19249217                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        27660208                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       596343                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    163088374                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        86664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       415732                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    227813251                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    758449428                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    758449428                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    190777976                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       37035246                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        39879                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20961                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2095541                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     15261909                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7985155                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        90139                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1800011                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        159249886                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40020                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       152842337                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151590                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19222676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39036205                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1862                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264139483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199374717     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29540574     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12078854      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6764845      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9170511      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2820179      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2779203      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1493437      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117163      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264139483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1053202     79.10%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       141972     10.66%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136235     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128764253     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2089953      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18918      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14008417      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7960796      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    152842337                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.541865                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1331409                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008711                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571307151                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178513297                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148870415                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    154173746                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       113895                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2862524                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          718                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106194                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3937534                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        519569                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        65407                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159289915                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       123945                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15261909                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7985155                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20961                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57154                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           71                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          718                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1319769                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1245135                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2564904                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150184850                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13779779                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2657482                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           21739941                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       21241917                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7960162                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.532444                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            148870817                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           148870415                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        89198163                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       239610373                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.527784                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372263                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110990145                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    136765408                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22525197                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38158                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2243696                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260201949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202320681     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29331335     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10648436      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5306457      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4856750      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2040788      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2016145      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       960836      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2720521      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260201949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    110990145                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    136765408                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             20278343                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            12399382                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             19036                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         19824139                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       123133006                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2824122                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2720521                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          416771266                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         322518785                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3229402                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              17927614                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         110990145                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           136765408                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    110990145                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.541371                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.541371                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.393488                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.393488                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      675784418                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     208033320                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     151779916                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        38126                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              282066582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       21810529                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17846730                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2129024                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8962277                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8579794                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2253515                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97173                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209972408                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            122005025                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          21810529                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10833309                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25464067                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5821198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     11430979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12845543                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2130537                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    250531927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      225067860     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1190305      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1887562      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2553205      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2625529      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2219310      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1240851      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1845483      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11901822      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    250531927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077324                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432540                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      207809341                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     13612496                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25417117                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        28875                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3664096                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3589503                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    149685985                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1960                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3664096                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      208381375                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1902302                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     10389011                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24880534                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1314607                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    149629178                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       195841                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       563712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    208800714                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    696113126                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    696113126                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    181003826                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       27796795                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        37107                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19313                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3903235                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13995392                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7590284                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89227                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1772511                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        149441694                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37235                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       141908286                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19630                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16536334                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39610403                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1350                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250531927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190509985     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24661813      9.84%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12492936      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9452189      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7419835      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2991684      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1889623      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       982360      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131502      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250531927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27065     11.50%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86332     36.69%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121917     51.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119347634     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2120486      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17791      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12855936      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7566439      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    141908286                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503102                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235314                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534603443                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    166015844                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139778165                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    142143600                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       287934                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2236516                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          584                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       109684                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3664096                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1581405                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129200                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149479081                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59681                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13995392                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7590284                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19315                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109027                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          584                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1239246                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1196241                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2435487                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139949214                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12096529                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1959072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           19662675                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19886505                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7566146                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.496157                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            139778387                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           139778165                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        80236054                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       216208908                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.495550                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371104                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105513822                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    129833863                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19645163                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35885                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2155954                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246867831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193623151     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26379416     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9977552      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4757578      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3992846      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2299403      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2018230      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       908410      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2911245      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246867831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    105513822                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    129833863                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             19239456                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11758863                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17902                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18722380                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       116978699                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2673593                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2911245                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          393434884                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         302622295                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3180894                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              31534655                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         105513822                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           129833863                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    105513822                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.673267                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.673267                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374074                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374074                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      629879284                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     194710209                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     138779144                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        35854                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              282067097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20731514                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17003435                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2028480                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8587079                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8102366                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2126525                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90880                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197929386                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            117834827                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20731514                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10228891                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25921732                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5762760                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     18680727                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12194765                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2018186                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    246229658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      220307926     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2807577      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3248373      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1785394      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2071246      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1131251      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         770877      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        2005330      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       12101684      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    246229658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073499                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.417755                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      196327730                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     20312757                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25716295                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       194016                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3678854                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3362670                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        18959                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    143846633                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        93936                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3678854                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      196631681                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       6420193                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     13028705                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        25613928                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       856291                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    143758742                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       224375                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       395422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           47                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    199760253                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    669343060                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    669343060                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    170606711                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       29153542                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        37761                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21118                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2293956                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13731421                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7473838                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197437                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1655525                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        143516819                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37826                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       135623223                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       189732                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17927699                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41513741                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4316                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    246229658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189074473     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22995899      9.34%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12347434      5.01%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8546091      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7478539      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3828916      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       917510      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595981      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       444815      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    246229658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35290     12.10%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124950     42.85%     54.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131389     45.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113521181     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2121588      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16615      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12543780      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7420059      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    135623223                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.480819                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291629                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517957465                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161483603                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133376925                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    135914852                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       342079                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2426912                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          874                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1264                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       159710                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8308                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4993                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3678854                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       5933375                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       148724                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143554767                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        75915                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13731421                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7473838                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21089                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103328                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1264                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1176148                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1138480                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2314628                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133632491                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11780956                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1990732                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           19199242                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18697066                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7418286                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.473761                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            133378922                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           133376925                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        79277011                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       207646132                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.472855                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381789                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100184851                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    122914818                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20641258                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33510                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2040218                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242550804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192336062     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23287606      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9757538      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5865883      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4059836      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2620870      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1359643      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093993      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2169373      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242550804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    100184851                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    122914818                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18618637                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11304509                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             16718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17591335                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       110812541                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2500707                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2169373                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          383936831                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         290791078                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3031989                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              35837439                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         100184851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           122914818                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    100184851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.815467                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.815467                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.355181                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.355181                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      602792394                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     185113954                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     134242342                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        33480                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              282067097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20701039                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16971980                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024685                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8599858                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8107568                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2126672                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91469                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197767727                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            117570228                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20701039                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10234240                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            25878010                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5725025                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     18531050                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12182053                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2013651                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    245841363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      219963353     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        2805577      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        3237008      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        1785855      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2071573      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1144142      0.47%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         766793      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        2001170      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       12065892      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    245841363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073390                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.416817                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      196171504                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     20157279                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        25673771                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       193157                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3645646                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3363955                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18933                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    143549567                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        94449                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3645646                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      196473237                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6574396                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     12724132                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        25573196                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       850750                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    143462997                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       224502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       392152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    199339364                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    667922999                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    667922999                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    170524383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       28814964                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        37594                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2276997                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13706537                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7474462                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197382                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1660275                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        143228902                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37664                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       135514825                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       188872                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17695754                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40562993                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4170                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245841363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188716950     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22982363      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12360913      5.03%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8538720      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7457581      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3828777      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       916105      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595995      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443959      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245841363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35008     12.08%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123645     42.66%     54.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131154     45.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113432443     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2113790      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16607      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12531025      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7420960      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    135514825                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.480435                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            289807                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002139                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517349692                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160963586                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133268495                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    135804632                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       344490                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2407472                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          897                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1268                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       163853                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8302                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4373                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3645646                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       6089524                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       149292                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143266689                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74093                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13706537                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7474462                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20935                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104258                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1268                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174556                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1136104                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2310660                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133520809                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11774763                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1994016                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           19194023                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18690675                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7419260                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.473365                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            133270457                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           133268495                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        79208823                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       207428739                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.472471                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381860                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100136579                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    122855554                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20412574                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33494                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2036370                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242195717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192005780     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23272459      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9754187      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5866132      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4056946      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2621499      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1357662      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093342      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2167710      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242195717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    100136579                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    122855554                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18609674                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11299065                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16710                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17582855                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       110759106                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2499497                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2167710                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          383295459                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         290181973                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3027206                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              36225734                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         100136579                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           122855554                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    100136579                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.816824                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.816824                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.355010                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.355010                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      602304225                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     184947528                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     133976937                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        33464                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              282067097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19832619                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16219621                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1933008                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8191395                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7822237                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2038922                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85774                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192392005                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            112565865                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19832619                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9861159                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23584985                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5632157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      8898631                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11829816                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1945709                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    228531684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      204946699     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1280890      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2018566      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3214501      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1332882      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1485977      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1590405      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1034987      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11626777      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    228531684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070312                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.399075                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      190559248                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     10745963                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23511481                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        59388                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3655603                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3251282                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          462                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    137438433                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2813                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3655603                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      190852845                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2142134                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      7739943                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        23282269                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       858877                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    137346090                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        34593                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       236039                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       318847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        57987                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    190664303                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    638938485                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    638938485                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    162683478                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       27980712                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        35431                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19698                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2545689                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     13081038                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7038493                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211692                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1598096                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        137149295                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35540                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       129787602                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163713                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17378344                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38815563                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3815                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228531684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173781379     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21992299      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12016371      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8187330      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7652101      3.35%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2202422      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1717622      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       582955      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       399205      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228531684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30177     12.61%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92311     38.57%     51.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116827     48.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108719225     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2054262      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15730      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11997010      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7001375      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    129787602                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.460130                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239315                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488509914                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154564617                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127711183                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    130026917                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       392644                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2343590                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          371                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1466                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       212542                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8078                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          519                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3655603                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1337094                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117665                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137184981                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58063                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13081038                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7038493                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19695                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86741                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1466                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1129332                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1104344                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2233676                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127949240                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11284587                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1838360                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18284194                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18007573                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6999607                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.453613                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            127712030                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           127711183                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        74668585                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       195060305                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.452769                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382797                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95559942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    117132510                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20052854                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31725                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1974404                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224876081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177331770     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23024171     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8962444      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4831206      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3614635      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2019204      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1245549      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1114837      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2732265      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224876081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     95559942                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    117132510                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             17563386                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10737440                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             15828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16813795                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       105545335                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2379581                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2732265                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          359328543                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         278026645                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3116607                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              53535413                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          95559942                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           117132510                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     95559942                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.951729                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.951729                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.338784                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.338784                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      576989242                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     177014694                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     128210481                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        31696                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              282067097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19056844                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17197519                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       998789                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7113941                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6812768                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1050958                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44023                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202150921                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            119759976                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19056844                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      7863726                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23687916                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       3153280                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     28316794                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11597608                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1002971                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    256285216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      232597300     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         845050      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1725719      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         736790      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        3934420      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3511390      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         678129      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1421050      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10835368      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    256285216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.067561                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.424580                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      200063079                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     30417393                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23600275                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        75382                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      2129082                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1671336                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          504                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    140433127                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2802                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      2129082                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      200329332                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles      28306187                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1202579                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23441190                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       876839                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    140358176                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       447375                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       289252                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8983                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    164794399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    661032228                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    661032228                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    146058160                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       18736149                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        16273                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8213                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2036944                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     33109059                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     16739041                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151771                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       811078                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        140084052                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16320                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       134592924                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        76570                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10913525                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26291336                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           79                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256285216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207949955     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14759017      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11938876      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5160283      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6447708      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6110144      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3471775      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       276560      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       170898      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256285216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338761     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2588017     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75622      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84441201     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1175775      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8058      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32268494     23.97%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16699396     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    134592924                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.477166                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3002400                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528550034                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151017401                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133442437                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    137595324                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241236                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1296349                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          504                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3515                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105083                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11869                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      2129082                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles      27632704                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       264335                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140100457                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33109059                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16739041                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8212                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       163959                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          123                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3515                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       581467                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       591151                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1172618                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133653802                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32164504                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       939122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           48862186                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       17514361                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         16697682                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.473837                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            133445891                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           133442437                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        72101008                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       142385852                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473088                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506378                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108408933                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    127398754                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12716627                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16241                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1020645                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    254156134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207777428     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17071031      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7949170      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7816107      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2165508      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8944844      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       682098      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       497362      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1252586      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    254156134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    108408933                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    127398754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             48446659                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            31812701                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              8108                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         16823819                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       113288249                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1234126                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1252586                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          393018604                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         282360105                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4340341                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              25781881                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         108408933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           127398754                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    108408933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.601881                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.601881                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.384337                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.384337                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      660714192                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     154967578                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     167183034                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        16216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              282067097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       24478481                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20382028                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2224267                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9388148                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8964451                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2633991                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103333                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213045707                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            134272160                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          24478481                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     11598442                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            27991851                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6183520                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     19181376                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4738                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        13227951                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2126508                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    264162837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      236170986     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1717582      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2172732      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3445603      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1439752      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1857785      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        2165177      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         988670      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       14204550      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    264162837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086782                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.476029                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      211798840                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     20553236                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        27859025                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        13256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3938478                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3724591                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          634                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    164110371                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3130                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3938478                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      212013024                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        682727                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     19272231                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        27658289                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       598081                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    163103039                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        86094                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       417170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    227832734                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    758497117                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    758497117                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    190790875                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       37041827                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        39620                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20701                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2101395                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     15255755                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7987998                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89754                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1804099                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        159261866                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39765                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       152857221                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       150705                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19213873                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38992938                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1603                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264162837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199390661     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29544313     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12080067      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6767202      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9170469      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2820887      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2777327      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1494393      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117518      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264162837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1053059     79.12%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       141679     10.64%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136255     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128780272     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2090108      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18919      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14004001      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7963921      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    152857221                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.541918                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1330993                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008707                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571358974                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178516218                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148885063                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    154188214                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       113424                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2855552                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          717                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       108524                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3938478                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        519263                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        66083                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159301640                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       123904                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15255755                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7987998                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20701                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57749                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          717                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1318493                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1248176                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2566669                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150197568                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13778044                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2659650                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           21741313                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       21243369                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7963269                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.532489                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            148885486                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           148885063                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        89206253                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       239609709                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527836                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372298                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110997634                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    136774580                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22527707                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38162                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2243260                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260224359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202338450     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29334802     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10649092      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5308432      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4854575      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2040386      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2015799      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       961310      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2721513      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260224359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    110997634                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    136774580                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             20279677                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            12400203                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             19038                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         19825434                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       123141281                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2824306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2721513                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          416804366                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         322543094                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3228115                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              17904260                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         110997634                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           136774580                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    110997634                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.541199                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.541199                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393515                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393515                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      675841808                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     208055075                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     151802030                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        38130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              282067089                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19804352                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16197065                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1934350                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8197620                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7812710                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2036766                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85708                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192213423                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            112408009                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19804352                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9849476                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            23552133                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5630609                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      8863153                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11820677                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1946823                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    228282191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      204730058     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1278807      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2015982      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3209963      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1330623      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1483410      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1589871      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1034712      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11608765      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    228282191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070211                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.398515                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      190384432                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     10706382                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        23479318                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        59034                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3653024                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3246180                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          462                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    137248180                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2969                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3653024                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      190677223                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2179847                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      7668165                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        23250960                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       852959                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    137157819                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        31627                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       234453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       317212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        55332                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    190406648                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    638062475                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    638062475                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    162472151                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       27934497                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        35309                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19596                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2532960                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13065720                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7029175                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       210957                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1596028                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        136963174                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35412                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       129623095                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163771                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17343602                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38720653                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3728                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228282191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173599935     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21969189      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11997370      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8177629      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7642176      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2199301      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1714031      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       583596      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398964      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228282191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30156     12.61%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92187     38.55%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116820     48.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108581540     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2050785      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15710      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11983269      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6991791      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    129623095                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.459547                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239163                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    487931315                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154343632                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127544443                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    129862258                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       390511                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2342267                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          395                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1470                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       212115                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8080                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3653024                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1363190                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117427                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136998736                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56871                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13065720                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7029175                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19586                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86595                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1470                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1130118                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1104833                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2234951                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127782357                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11269153                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1840738                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 150                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18259049                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17982709                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6989896                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.453021                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            127545301                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           127544443                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        74570010                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       194804539                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.452178                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382794                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95435749                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    116980242                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20018998                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31684                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1975677                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224629167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177146414     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22993697     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8952696      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4822572      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3610744      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2017247      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1244489      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1113172      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2728136      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224629167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     95435749                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    116980242                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             17540513                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            10723453                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             15808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         16791968                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       105408072                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2376473                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2728136                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          358899634                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         277651730                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3115968                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              53784898                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          95435749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           116980242                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     95435749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.955571                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.955571                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.338344                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.338344                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      576237421                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     176790455                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     128030741                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        31654                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              282067097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       21827182                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17859432                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2132396                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9014926                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8587186                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2255611                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97250                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210194092                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            122066108                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          21827182                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10842797                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            25479400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5823736                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     11310517                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12859163                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2133897                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    250647620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      225168220     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1192354      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1888216      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2552070      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2628246      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2222220      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1242445      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1847491      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11906358      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    250647620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077383                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.432756                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      208029568                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     13493601                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        25432166                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        29046                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3663237                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3593039                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    149770356                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1955                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3663237                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      208602355                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1858850                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     10312346                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24895056                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1315774                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    149712847                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       195501                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       564518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    208913826                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    696487084                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    696487084                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    181165526                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       27748282                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        37232                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19424                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3906825                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     14008918                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7595166                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        88864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1738056                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        149526397                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37365                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       142017923                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19733                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16497029                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39474666                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1450                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250647620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190600197     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24656756      9.84%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12495948      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9463662      3.78%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7428971      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2996560      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1890643      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       983321      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131562      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250647620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27173     11.53%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86441     36.67%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122142     51.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119443132     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119981      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17807      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12866239      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7570764      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    142017923                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.503490                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235756                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534938950                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    166061371                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139885413                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    142253679                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       288498                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2239593                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          583                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       107910                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3663237                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1538197                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129390                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149563914                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14008918                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7595166                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19425                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109234                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          583                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1239727                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1198793                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2438520                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140056341                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12107365                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1961577                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           19677842                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19904284                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7570477                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.496536                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            139885679                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           139885413                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        80298572                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       216366878                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.495930                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105608085                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    129949777                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19614142                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35915                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2159353                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246984383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193713210     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26385228     10.68%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9985964      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4759713      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3985559      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2300952      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2027575      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       908420      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2917762      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246984383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    105608085                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    129949777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19256578                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11769322                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             17918                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18739066                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       117083125                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2675965                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2917762                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          393629812                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         302791148                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3185686                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              31419477                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         105608085                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           129949777                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    105608085                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.670885                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.670885                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.374408                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.374408                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      630366661                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     194857833                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     138853112                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        35882                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              282067097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       24480160                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20381737                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2223927                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9334144                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8960777                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2634368                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103063                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213015908                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            134271761                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          24480160                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     11595145                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            27994657                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6189058                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     19208976                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4744                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13226254                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2126204                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    264169331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      236174674     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1717330      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2170441      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3445895      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1443072      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1857604      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        2160843      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         989648      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       14209824      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    264169331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086788                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.476028                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      211768284                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     20581655                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        27861781                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        13250                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3944359                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3726711                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          633                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    164141073                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         3140                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3944359                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      211982484                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        683286                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     19300595                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        27660997                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       597603                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    163132025                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        86400                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       416642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    227849625                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    758625852                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    758625852                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    190752533                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       37097088                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        39485                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20569                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2100943                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     15280253                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7988704                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        90219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1808443                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        159288267                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39629                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       152838399                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       152050                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19266886                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39209369                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1475                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264169331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302600                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199402225     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29543043     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12080280      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6766901      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9167535      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2819999      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2778791      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1493244      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117313      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264169331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1053413     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       143447     10.76%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136255     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128763291     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2089701      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18916      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14001967      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7964524      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    152838399                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.541851                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1333115                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571331294                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178595494                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148870542                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    154171514                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       113599                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2882521                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          715                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       110786                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3944359                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        519707                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        65794                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159327905                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       124520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15280253                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7988704                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20569                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57489                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           68                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          715                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1315640                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1250555                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2566195                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150183024                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13776217                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2655375                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           21739966                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       21242255                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7963749                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.532437                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            148871033                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           148870542                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        89197690                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       239607439                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.527784                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372266                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110975374                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    136747206                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22581376                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2242916                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260224971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344305                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202349582     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29331782     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10645517      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5304549      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4857828      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2036580      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2017932      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       960669      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2720532      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260224971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    110975374                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    136747206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20275650                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            12397732                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             19034                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         19821503                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       123116635                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2823755                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2720532                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          416832254                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         322601562                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3230107                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              17897766                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         110975374                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           136747206                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    110975374                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.541709                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.541709                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.393436                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.393436                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      675759534                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     208024633                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     151800962                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        38122                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              282067097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       24442089                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20351843                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2221934                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9487125                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8954736                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2632200                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103421                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    212775502                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            134085209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          24442089                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     11586936                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            27957414                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       6175796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     19500883                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2249                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           78                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13210932                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2124075                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    264169903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      236212489     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1714952      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2170275      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3445292      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1437789      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1856355      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        2163107      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         987201      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       14182443      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    264169903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086653                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.475366                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      211528297                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     20870299                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        27824928                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        13176                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3933201                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3718696                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          576                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    163889332                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         3034                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3933201                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      211741939                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        681737                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     19592402                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        27624802                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       595815                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    162881649                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        86398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       415581                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    227526201                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    757488158                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    757488158                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    190529429                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       36996766                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        39808                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20915                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2092908                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     15241959                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7974209                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89947                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1797246                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        159046675                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39950                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       152644120                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151313                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19204323                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38999264                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1840                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264169903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199490449     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29500750     11.17%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12062198      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6756891      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9159108      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2816877      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2774851      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1491854      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       116925      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264169903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1051866     79.11%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       141755     10.66%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136053     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128598585     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2087253      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18893      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13989515      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7949874      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    152644120                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.541162                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1329674                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008711                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570939130                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178291663                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148676978                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    153973794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       113610                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2858725                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          718                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105508                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3933201                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        519074                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        65471                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159086634                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       123943                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15241959                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7974209                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20915                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57201                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           69                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          718                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1318889                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1243532                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2562421                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149989448                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13761492                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2654672                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           21710737                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       21213450                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7949245                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.531751                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            148677380                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           148676978                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        89084887                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       239305258                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.527098                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372265                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110845510                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    136587163                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22500163                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2240921                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260236702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343579                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202429876     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29293518     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10635158      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5300608      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4849375      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2038227      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2013654      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       959342      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2716944      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260236702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    110845510                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    136587163                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             20251933                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            12383232                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             19012                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         19798265                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       122972553                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2820438                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2716944                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          416606317                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         322107882                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3225322                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              17897194                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         110845510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           136587163                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    110845510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.544687                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.544687                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.392976                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.392976                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      674908281                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     207763718                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     151588478                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        38078                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              282067097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19871918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16251641                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1939606                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8196885                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7838061                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2043496                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85832                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192810531                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            112791070                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19871918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9881557                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23633358                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5648068                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      8943808                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11857730                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1952415                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    229053251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      205419893     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1283770      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2023666      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3221299      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1334780      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1488634      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1596350      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1035917      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11648942      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    229053251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070451                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.399873                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      190972679                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     10795913                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23560201                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        59365                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3665092                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3257901                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          463                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    137714351                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2834                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3665092                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      191267094                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2115427                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      7803704                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23330362                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       871559                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    137624627                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents        41063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       236087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       319324                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        68691                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    191059640                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    640228783                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    640228783                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    163018916                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       28040722                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        35529                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19761                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2549929                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13106660                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7052817                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1601973                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        137428663                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35627                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       130059535                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       164156                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17409657                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38865767                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3833                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    229053251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567814                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174191354     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22036897      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12038227      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8205020      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7670473      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2204526      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1721300      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584830      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400624      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    229053251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30190     12.59%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92412     38.53%     51.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117247     48.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108947864     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2058072      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15763      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12021999      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7015837      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    130059535                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.461094                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239849                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489576326                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154875397                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127974219                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    130299384                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       394240                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2347118                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          342                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1475                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       212814                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3665092                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1321092                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117702                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137464430                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57135                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13106660                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7052817                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19747                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86684                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1475                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1133655                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1107618                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2241273                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128212041                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11305392                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1847494                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 140                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18319439                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18043813                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7014047                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.454544                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            127975089                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           127974219                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        74820468                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       195468001                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.453701                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382776                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95756918                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    117373840                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20091048                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31794                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1981057                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225388159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177750323     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23068677     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8979692      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4840380      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3620895      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2023060      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1249668      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1115961      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2739503      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225388159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     95756918                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    117373840                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             17599544                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10759541                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         16848426                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       105762772                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2384470                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2739503                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          360112907                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         278595104                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3124993                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              53013846                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          95756918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           117373840                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     95756918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.945658                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.945658                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.339483                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.339483                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      578167962                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     177384623                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     128466258                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        31766                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              282067097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       21812640                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17848025                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2127341                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8960092                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8580817                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2254160                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97009                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209945181                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            122019556                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          21812640                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10834977                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25465745                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5816156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     11436987                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12843441                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2129171                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    250509012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      225043267     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1189546      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1887373      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2552693      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2624780      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        2220576      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1243423      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1845065      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11902289      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    250509012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077331                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.432591                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      207780740                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     13619803                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25418673                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        29071                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3660723                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3590274                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    149703223                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1960                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3660723                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      208353506                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1892899                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     10404263                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24881538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1316081                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    149646907                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       195569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       564517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    208821899                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    696198983                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    696198983                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    181029713                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       27792181                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        37116                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19317                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         3903663                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13995822                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7591989                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        88985                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1741511                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        149459572                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37249                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       141923342                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19624                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16536054                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39627060                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1357                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250509012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190506755     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24636196      9.83%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12480912      4.98%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9460045      3.78%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7426680      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2997687      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1886499      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       982866      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131372      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250509012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27205     11.56%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86345     36.68%     48.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121874     51.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119358745     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2121140      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17794      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12857769      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7567894      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    141923342                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.503155                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235424                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534610744                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    166033466                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139796100                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    142158766                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       288074                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2235307                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          593                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       110333                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3660723                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1572371                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129228                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149496967                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59600                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13995822                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7591989                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19322                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109121                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          593                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1237455                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1196236                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2433691                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139967319                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12097912                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1956023                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19665522                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19888968                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7567610                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.496220                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            139796343                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           139796100                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        80247974                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       216231428                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.495613                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105528959                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    129852360                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19644631                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35892                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2154278                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246848289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193616544     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26364813     10.68%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9979209      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4757985      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3981459      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2299099      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2025690      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       908217      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2915273      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246848289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    105528959                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    129852360                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             19242171                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11760515                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             17906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         18725010                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       116995365                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2673956                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2915273                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          393429279                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         302654770                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3180265                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              31558085                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         105528959                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           129852360                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    105528959                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.672888                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.672888                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.374127                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.374127                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      629961497                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     194733515                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     138795979                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        35860                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              282067097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20712546                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16980723                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2028932                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8630941                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8100278                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2127775                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91118                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197960256                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            117776475                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20712546                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10228053                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            25910555                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5754519                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     19058379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12197823                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2019040                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    246618841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      220708286     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        2809213      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        3235201      1.31%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        1787542      0.72%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2073064      0.84%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1131013      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         774240      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        2008428      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12091854      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    246618841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.073431                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.417548                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      196356313                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     20692060                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        25707908                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles       191880                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3670674                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3366230                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        18979                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    143799241                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        95221                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3670674                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      196657326                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       5842102                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     13995000                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        25607003                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       846730                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    143713335                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       220205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       392341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents           77                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    199691901                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    669165652                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    669165652                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    170615572                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       29076316                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        37866                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21218                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2274220                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13727651                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7478103                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1659691                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        143478250                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37951                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       135640729                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       189623                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17875954                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41270444                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4442                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    246618841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189463065     76.82%     76.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22990446      9.32%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12348668      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8550047      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7475831      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3833105      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       914774      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597927      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       444978      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    246618841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34267     11.76%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125519     43.09%     54.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131526     45.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113534188     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2121012      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16615      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12543801      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7425113      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    135640729                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.480881                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291312                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002148                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    518381234                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161393425                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133394041                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    135932041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       341915                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2422511                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          823                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1274                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       163578                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8309                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4300                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3670674                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       5351697                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143821                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143516326                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        73508                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13727651                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7478103                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21214                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99810                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1274                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1176501                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1137760                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2314261                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133648203                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11779392                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1992526                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 125                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           19202662                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18699092                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7423270                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.473817                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            133395668                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           133394041                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        79277000                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       207666195                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.472916                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381752                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100190162                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    122921305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20596023                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33509                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2040818                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242948167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192734688     79.33%     79.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23283312      9.58%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9760423      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5864902      2.41%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4059318      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2621531      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1360104      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1094222      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2169667      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242948167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    100190162                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    122921305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18619663                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11305138                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17592270                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       110818386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2500839                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2169667                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          384295152                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         290705411                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3034049                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              35448256                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         100190162                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           122921305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    100190162                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.815317                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.815317                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.355200                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.355200                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      602863235                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     185130978                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     134188308                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        33478                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        19676                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.533239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         231848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        21724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        10.672436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.820572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.538914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1656.402788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         356.770965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.808790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.174205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 36488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19897                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               19897                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  36646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36645                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 36646                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               19661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                19665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19629                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               19665                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16770222380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16850963535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3410423                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3410423                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16773632803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16854373958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16773632803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16854373958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             56149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19897                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           19897                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              56311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             56311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.024691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.024691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 854533.624459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857075.608311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 852605.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 852605.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 854533.231596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 857074.699110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 854533.231596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 857074.699110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks              10593                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                   10593                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           19665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          19665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15046745974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15124325360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3058934                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3058934                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15049804908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15127384294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15049804908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15127384294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.024691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154982.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 766713.170650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769255.142668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 764733.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764733.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154982.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 766712.767232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769254.222934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154982.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 766712.767232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769254.222934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        19088                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.831651                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         160580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        21136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         7.597464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.619319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.425473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1671.992398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         344.794460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.816403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.168357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 36142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6502                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                6502                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  36217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36216                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 36217                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               19087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                19087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19053                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               19087                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56553179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15333027436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15389580615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56553179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15333027436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    15389580615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56553179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15333027436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   15389580615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             55229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6502                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            6502                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              55304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             55304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1663328.794118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 804756.596651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 806285.986011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1663328.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 804756.596651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 806285.986011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1663328.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 804756.596651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 806285.986011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               2544                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    2544                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           19087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          19087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53567475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13659484296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13713051771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53567475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13659484296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13713051771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53567475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13659484296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13713051771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1575513.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 716920.395528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718449.822969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1575513.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 716920.395528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718449.822969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1575513.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 716920.395528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718449.822969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         9088                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.228295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         217944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        11136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        19.571121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.075773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     4.858774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1403.494267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         600.799481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.685300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.293359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 29735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9279                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                9279                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  29960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29958                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 29960                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                9088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 9088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9054                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                9088                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100371258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7332902444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7433273702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100371258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7332902444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     7433273702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100371258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7332902444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    7433273702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        38787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             38823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9279                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            9279                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              39048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             39048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.233429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2952095.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 809907.493263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817921.842210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2952095.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 809907.493263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817921.842210                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2952095.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 809907.493263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817921.842210                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               4784                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    4784                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            9088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           9088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97386058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6537818700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6635204758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97386058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6537818700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6635204758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97386058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6537818700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6635204758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.233429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2864295.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 722091.749503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730106.157350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2864295.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 722091.749503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730106.157350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2864295.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 722091.749503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730106.157350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        12718                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.433476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         195593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        14766                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        13.246174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.937761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     4.958877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1529.443398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         486.093440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.746799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.237350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        30317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 30319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9754                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                9754                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        30484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  30486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        30484                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 30486                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               12715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                12715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12673                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               12715                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83813720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10466900219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10550713939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83813720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10466900219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    10550713939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83813720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10466900219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   10550713939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        42990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             43034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9754                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            9754                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        43157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              43201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        43157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             43201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1995564.761905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825921.267182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829784.816280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1995564.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825921.267182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829784.816280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1995564.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825921.267182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829784.816280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5575                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5575                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           12714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          12714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80125388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9353191408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9433316796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80125388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9353191408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9433316796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80125388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9353191408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9433316796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1907747.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 738099.069444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741962.938178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1907747.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 738099.069444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741962.938178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1907747.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 738099.069444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741962.938178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        19583                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.536396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         231914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        21631                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        10.721372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.883652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.601800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1653.981380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         359.069563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.807608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.175327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        36513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 36514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19937                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               19937                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        36669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  36670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        36669                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 36670                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               19568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                19572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19535                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               19572                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     79383030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16470305856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16549688886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2081579                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2081579                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     79383030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16472387435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    16551770465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     79383030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16472387435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   16551770465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        56044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             56082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19937                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           19937                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        56204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              56242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        56204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             56242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2145487.297297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 843290.453945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 845752.702678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 520394.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 520394.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2145487.297297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 843224.337599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 845686.208103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2145487.297297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 843224.337599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 845686.208103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks              10605                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                   10605                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           19572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          19572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     76134430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14755321700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14831456130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1730379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1730379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     76134430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14757052079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14833186509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     76134430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14757052079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14833186509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2057687.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 755482.141211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757944.405662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 432594.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 432594.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2057687.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 755416.026568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757877.912784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2057687.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 755416.026568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757877.912784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        19584                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.530397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         231749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        21632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        10.713249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.973024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.597352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1659.517710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         353.442311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.810311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.172579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 36393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19893                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               19893                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  36549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36548                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 36549                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               19569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                19575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19537                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               19575                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81830199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16592554921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16674385120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5787687                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5787687                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81830199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16598342608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    16680172807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81830199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16598342608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   16680172807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             55962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19893                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           19893                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        56085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              56124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        56085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             56124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.037037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2153426.289474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 849549.686191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 852081.614799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 964614.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964614.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2153426.289474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 849585.023699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 852116.107637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2153426.289474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 849585.023699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 852116.107637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks              10591                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                   10591                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           19575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          19575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78493799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14877451129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14955944928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5260887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5260887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78493799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14882712016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14961205815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78493799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14882712016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14961205815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.037037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2065626.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 761735.248016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764267.204660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 876814.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876814.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2065626.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 761770.589958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764301.701916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2065626.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 761770.589958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764301.701916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        30939                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.602495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         166247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        32987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.039773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.481783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.655155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1661.107277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         371.358279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.811088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.181327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 38824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8066                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                8066                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  38925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38924                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 38925                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               30901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                30929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30891                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               30929                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55612335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28866041885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28921654220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     26980353                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26980353                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55612335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28893022238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    28948634573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55612335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28893022238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   28948634573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             69725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            8066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              69854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             69854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1463482.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 935296.046561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935945.575224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 963584.035714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 963584.035714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1463482.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 935321.687158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935970.596301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1463482.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 935321.687158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935970.596301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4610                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4610                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           30929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          30929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52274022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26155521791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26207795813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     24520834                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24520834                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52274022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26180042625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26232316647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52274022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26180042625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26232316647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1375632.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 847471.787934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848121.284522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 875744.071429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875744.071429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1375632.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 847497.414295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848146.291409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1375632.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 847497.414295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848146.291409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        36529                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.939304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         205444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        38577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         5.325557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.545748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     1.902555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1821.682461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         220.808539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.889493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.107817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        42838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 42839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13644                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               13644                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        42866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  42867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        42866                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 42867                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               36484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                36531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36488                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               36531                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61593607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34433773272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34495366879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     73752542                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73752542                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61593607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34507525814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    34569119421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61593607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34507525814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   34569119421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        79279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             79323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13644                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           13644                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        79354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              79398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        79354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             79398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1432409.465116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 944918.450976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945493.007318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1569203.021277                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1569203.021277                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1432409.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 945722.588632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946295.459226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1432409.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 945722.588632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946295.459226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5729                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5729                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           36531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          36531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57817323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31234199304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31292016627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     69625003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69625003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57817323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31303824307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31361641630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57817323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31303824307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31361641630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1344588.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 857116.964518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857691.498383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1481383.042553                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1481383.042553                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1344588.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 857921.078355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858493.926528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1344588.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 857921.078355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858493.926528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         9087                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.227248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         217992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        11135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        19.577189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.074407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     4.863500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1403.341029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         600.948312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.685225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.293432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 29772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9290                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                9290                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  29998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29996                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 29998                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                9087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 9087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9053                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                9087                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94318224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7347117614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7441435838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94318224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7347117614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     7441435838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94318224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7347117614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    7441435838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        38823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             38859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9290                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            9290                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        39049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              39085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        39049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             39085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.233187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2774065.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 811567.172650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818910.073512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2774065.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 811567.172650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818910.073512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2774065.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 811567.172650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818910.073512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               4784                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    4784                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            9087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           9087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91331990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6552107660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6643439650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91331990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6552107660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6643439650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91331990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6552107660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6643439650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.233187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2686235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 723749.879598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731092.731374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2686235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 723749.879598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731092.731374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2686235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 723749.879598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731092.731374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        30844                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.604130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         166184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        32892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.052414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.193351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.732605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1658.632853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         373.045322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.809879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.182151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        38769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 38770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8058                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                8058                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        38870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  38871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        38870                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 38871                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               30805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                30834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30796                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               30834                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72062530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  28921422433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28993484963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     27325727                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     27325727                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72062530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  28948748160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    29020810690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72062530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  28948748160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   29020810690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        69536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             69575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8058                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            8058                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          130                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             130                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        69666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              69705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        69666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             69705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.223077                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.223077                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1896382.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 940014.380115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 941194.123129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 942266.448276                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 942266.448276                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1896382.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 940016.500844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 941195.131673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1896382.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 940016.500844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 941195.131673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4602                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4602                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           30834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          30834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68713380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  26218377424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26287090804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     24777470                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24777470                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68713380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  26243154894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26311868274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68713380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  26243154894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26311868274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.223077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1808246.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852159.047811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 853338.445187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 854395.517241                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854395.517241                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1808246.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852161.153851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 853339.439385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1808246.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852161.153851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 853339.439385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        12735                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.448287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         195639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        14783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        13.234053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.951870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     5.046907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1529.336210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         486.113300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.746746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.237360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 30354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9765                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                9765                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  30518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30516                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 30518                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               12731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                12731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12689                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               12731                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75298952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10340408599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10415707551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75298952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10340408599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    10415707551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75298952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10340408599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   10415707551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             43085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9765                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            9765                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              43249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             43249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1792832.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 814911.230121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818137.424476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1792832.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 814911.230121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818137.424476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1792832.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 814911.230121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818137.424476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5584                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5584                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           12730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          12730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71611352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9225078571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9296689923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71611352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9225078571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9296689923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71611352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9225078571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9296689923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1705032.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 727071.135798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730297.715868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1705032.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 727071.135798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730297.715868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1705032.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 727071.135798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730297.715868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         9086                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.226848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         217962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        11134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        19.576253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.075457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     4.860199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1403.416367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         600.874826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.685262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.293396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        29747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 29749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9283                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                9283                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        29973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  29975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        29973                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 29975                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                9086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 9086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9052                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                9086                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96352911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7371093699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7467446610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96352911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7371093699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     7467446610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96352911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7371093699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    7467446610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        38799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             38835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9283                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            9283                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        39025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              39061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        39025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             39061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2833909.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 814305.534578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 821862.933084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2833909.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 814305.534578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 821862.933084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2833909.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 814305.534578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 821862.933084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               4784                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    4784                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            9086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           9086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93366821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6576031148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6669397969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93366821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6576031148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6669397969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93366821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6576031148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6669397969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2746082.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 726472.729563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734030.152873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2746082.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 726472.729563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734030.152873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2746082.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 726472.729563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734030.152873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         9077                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.227431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         217893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        11125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        19.585888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.076623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     4.863026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1403.240948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         601.046833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.685176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.293480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        29694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 29696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9267                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                9267                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        29919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  29921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        29919                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 29921                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                9077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 9077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9043                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                9077                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104234941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7485411921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7589646862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104234941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7485411921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     7589646862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104234941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7485411921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    7589646862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        38737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             38773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9267                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            9267                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        38962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              38998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        38962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             38998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3065733.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 827757.593829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 836140.449708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3065733.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 827757.593829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 836140.449708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3065733.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 827757.593829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 836140.449708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4779                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4779                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            9077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           9077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    101249741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6691172252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6792421993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    101249741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6691172252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6792421993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    101249741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6691172252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6792421993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2977933.558824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 739928.370231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748311.335573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2977933.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 739928.370231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748311.335573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2977933.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 739928.370231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748311.335573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        30987                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.607461                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         166295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        33035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.033903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.694575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.889608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1659.106164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         372.917113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.810110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.182088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 38854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8083                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                8083                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  38955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38954                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 38955                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               30950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                30977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30936                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               30977                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73129308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28514733498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28587862806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23020033                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     23020033                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73129308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28537753531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    28610882839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73129308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28537753531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   28610882839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             69804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8083                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            8083                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              69932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             69932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.443064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.210938                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.210938                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1783641.658537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 922538.208871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923678.927496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 852593.814815                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 852593.814815                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1783641.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 922477.163531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 923616.968686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1783641.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 922477.163531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 923616.968686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               4618                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    4618                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           30977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          30977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69528982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25800404889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25869933871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     20648595                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20648595                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69528982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25821053484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25890582466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69528982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25821053484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25890582466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.443064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.210938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1695828.829268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 834721.436766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835862.160614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 764762.777778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764762.777778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1695828.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 834660.378976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835800.189366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1695828.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 834660.378976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835800.189366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        12727                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.434925                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         195594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        14775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        13.238173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.937920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     5.402668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1529.011972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         486.082365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.746588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.237345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        30315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 30317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9757                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                9757                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        30482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  30484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        30482                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 30484                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               12723                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                12723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12679                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               12723                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85109233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10488007720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10573116953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85109233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10488007720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    10573116953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85109233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10488007720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   10573116953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        42994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             43040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9757                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            9757                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        43161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              43207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        43161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             43207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1934300.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 827195.182585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831023.890042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1934300.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 827195.182585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 831023.890042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1934300.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 827195.182585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 831023.890042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               5578                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    5578                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           12722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          12722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     81243645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9372248509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9453492154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     81243645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9372248509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9453492154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     81243645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9372248509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9453492154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1846446.477273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 739252.919151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743082.231882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1846446.477273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 739252.919151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743082.231882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1846446.477273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 739252.919151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743082.231882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        19430                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.525139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         231811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        21478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        10.792951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.840116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.463618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1656.640984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         356.580422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.808907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.174112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 36412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19939                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               19939                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  36569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36568                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 36569                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               19412                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                19417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19381                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               19417                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72236521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16343113204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16415349725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4621688                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4621688                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72236521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16347734892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    16419971413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72236521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16347734892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   16419971413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             55824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19939                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           19939                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              55986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             55986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.347321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.030864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.030864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2006570.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 843471.986168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 845628.978209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 924337.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 924337.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2006570.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 843492.848253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 845649.246176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2006570.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 843492.848253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 845649.246176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks              10587                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                   10587                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           19417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          19417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     69075721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14641679222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14710754943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4182688                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4182688                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     69075721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14645861910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14714937631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     69075721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14645861910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14714937631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.347321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.030864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1918770.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 755660.570912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757817.584123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 836537.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836537.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1918770.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 755681.435942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757837.855024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1918770.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 755681.435942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757837.855024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              518.289224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012179147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1950248.838150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    36.289224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.058156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12171055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12171055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12171055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12171055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12171055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12171055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12171106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12171106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12171106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12171106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12171106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12171106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                56274                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172660429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3054.315036                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.818586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.181414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8582375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8582375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7259389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7259389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17695                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17695                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15841764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15841764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15841764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15841764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       197281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       197281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       197281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       197281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  81006625808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81006625808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3608078858                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3608078858                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84614704666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84614704666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84614704666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84614704666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8774167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8774167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16039045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16039045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16039045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16039045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 422367.073747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422367.073747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 657328.995810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 657328.995810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 428904.479732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428904.479732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 428904.479732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428904.479732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     49095212                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets            89                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 551631.595506                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           19897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       135680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       141007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       141007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       141007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       141007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19332902048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19332902048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13687188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13687188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19346589236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19346589236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19346589236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19346589236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 344541.311092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344541.311092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84488.814815                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84488.814815                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 343792.679319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343792.679319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 343792.679319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343792.679319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              558.495741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              931060214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1656690.772242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    33.344340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.151400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.053436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12363031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12363031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12363031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12363031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12363031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12363031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68035107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68035107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68035107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68035107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68035107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68035107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12363082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12363082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12363082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12363082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12363082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12363082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1334021.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1334021.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1334021.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1334021.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1334021.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1334021.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56924788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56924788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56924788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56924788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56924788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56924788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1626422.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1626422.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1626422.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1626422.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1626422.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1626422.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                55269                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              224741285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                55525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4047.569293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   202.877067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    53.122933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.792489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.207511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     18156973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18156973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3498274                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3498274                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8274                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8274                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8210                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8210                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21655247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       21655247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21655247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      21655247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       194943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          339                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          339                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       195282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       195282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       195282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       195282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  88375279901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  88375279901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     29197070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29197070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  88404476971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88404476971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  88404476971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88404476971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18351916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18351916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3498613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3498613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8274                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8274                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8210                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8210                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21850529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21850529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21850529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21850529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453339.078095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 453339.078095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86127.050147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86127.050147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 452701.615976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 452701.615976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 452701.615976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 452701.615976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            6502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       139749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       139749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       140013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       140013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  17860930061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17860930061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4860589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4860589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  17865790650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17865790650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  17865790650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17865790650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 323602.747781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323602.747781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64807.853333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64807.853333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 323251.563263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323251.563263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 323251.563263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323251.563263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              489.716321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1015016636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2067243.657841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    34.716321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.055635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13227678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13227678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13227678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       13227678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13227678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      13227678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    146418870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146418870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    146418870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146418870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    146418870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146418870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13227724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13227724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13227724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     13227724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13227724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     13227724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3183018.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3183018.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3183018.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3183018.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3183018.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3183018.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3236658                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 809164.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100808163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100808163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100808163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100808163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100808163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100808163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2800226.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2800226.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2800226.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2800226.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2800226.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2800226.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                39012                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              165465171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                39268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4213.740730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.561235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.438765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     10550322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10550322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7838175                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7838175                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20653                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20653                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19063                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19063                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18388497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       18388497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18388497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      18388497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       100604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       102878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       102878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       102878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       102878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22448242675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22448242675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    146916771                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146916771                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22595159446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22595159446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22595159446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22595159446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     10650926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10650926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7840449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7840449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        20653                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20653                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        19063                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19063                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18491375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18491375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18491375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18491375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 223134.693203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223134.693203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64607.199208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64607.199208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 219630.625070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219630.625070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 219630.625070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219630.625070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           23                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           23                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            9279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        61817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        63866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        63866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9341539073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9341539073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     16419235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16419235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9357958308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9357958308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9357958308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9357958308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240842.010803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240842.010803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 72974.377778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72974.377778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 239873.841587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239873.841587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 239873.841587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239873.841587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              518.032006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1011541313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1949019.870906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    43.032006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.068962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12845478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12845478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12845478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12845478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12845478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12845478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    119801920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119801920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    119801920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    119801920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    119801920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    119801920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12845543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12845543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12845543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12845543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12845543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12845543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1843106.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1843106.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1843106.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1843106.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1843106.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1843106.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84297278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84297278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84297278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84297278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84297278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84297278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1915847.227273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1915847.227273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1915847.227273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1915847.227273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1915847.227273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1915847.227273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                43156                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              167223687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                43412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3852.015272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.436863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.563137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8845791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8845791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7445164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7445164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17927                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17927                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16290955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       16290955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16290955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      16290955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       138201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       139196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       139196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       139196                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       139196                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  46971460305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46971460305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     83858496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83858496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  47055318801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  47055318801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  47055318801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  47055318801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8983992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8983992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7446159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7446159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17927                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17927                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16430151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16430151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16430151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16430151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 339877.861267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339877.861267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84279.895477                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84279.895477                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338050.797444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338050.797444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338050.797444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338050.797444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            9754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        95211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        96039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        96039                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96039                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        42990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        43157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        43157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12548488546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12548488546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10765011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10765011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12559253557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12559253557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12559253557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12559253557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291893.197162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291893.197162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64461.143713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64461.143713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291013.127812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291013.127812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291013.127812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291013.127812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              518.333049                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1012202804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1946543.853846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    36.333049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.058226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12194712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12194712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12194712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12194712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12194712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12194712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    110506588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110506588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    110506588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110506588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    110506588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110506588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12194765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12194765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12194765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12194765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12194765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12194765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2085029.962264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2085029.962264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2085029.962264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2085029.962264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2085029.962264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2085029.962264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     79770005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79770005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     79770005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79770005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     79770005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79770005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2099210.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099210.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2099210.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099210.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2099210.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099210.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                56204                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              172687344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                56460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3058.578533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.817425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.182575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.913349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.086651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8595796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8595796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7272650                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7272650                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17898                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17898                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16740                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16740                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15868446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15868446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15868446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15868446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       191832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5623                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5623                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       197455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       197455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       197455                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       197455                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  80464019346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80464019346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3600773446                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3600773446                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  84064792792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84064792792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  84064792792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84064792792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8787628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8787628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7278273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7278273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17898                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17898                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16740                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16740                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16065901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16065901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16065901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16065901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000773                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000773                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 419450.453240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419450.453240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 640365.186911                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 640365.186911                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 425741.524864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425741.524864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 425741.524864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425741.524864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     57830948                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets           100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 578309.480000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19937                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           19937                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       135788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       141251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       141251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       141251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       141251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        56044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        56204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        56204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  19033429158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19033429158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12217812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12217812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  19045646970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19045646970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  19045646970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19045646970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 339615.822532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339615.822532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 76361.325000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76361.325000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 338866.396876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338866.396876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 338866.396876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338866.396876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              519.161454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1012190089                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1942783.280230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    37.161454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.059554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12181997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12181997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12181997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12181997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12181997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12181997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    120543879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    120543879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    120543879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    120543879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    120543879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    120543879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12182053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12182053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12182053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12182053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12182053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12182053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2152569.267857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2152569.267857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2152569.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2152569.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2152569.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2152569.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82218336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82218336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82218336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82218336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82218336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82218336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2108162.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2108162.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2108162.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2108162.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2108162.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2108162.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                56085                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              172677574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                56341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3064.865267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.816831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.183169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.913347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.086653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8589645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8589645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7269144                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7269144                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17793                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17793                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16732                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16732                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15858789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15858789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15858789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15858789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       191354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5626                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5626                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       196980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       196980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       196980                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       196980                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  81005676051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81005676051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3608611802                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3608611802                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  84614287853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84614287853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  84614287853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84614287853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8780999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8780999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7274770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7274770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17793                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17793                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16732                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16732                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16055769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16055769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16055769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16055769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000773                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000773                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 423328.888087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423328.888087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 641416.957341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 641416.957341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 429557.761463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429557.761463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 429557.761463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429557.761463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     50689308                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets            96                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 528013.625000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           19893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       135431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        56085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        56085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19147859921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19147859921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15968415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15968415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19163828336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19163828336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19163828336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19163828336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 342396.865708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342396.865708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98570.462963                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98570.462963                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341692.579763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341692.579763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341692.579763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341692.579763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              527.408857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1016287799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1921148.958412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.408857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.059950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11829754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11829754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11829754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11829754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11829754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11829754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82410933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82410933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82410933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82410933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82410933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82410933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11829816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11829816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11829816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11829816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11829816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11829816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1329208.596774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1329208.596774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1329208.596774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1329208.596774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1329208.596774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1329208.596774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55994281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55994281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55994281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55994281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55994281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55994281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1435750.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1435750.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1435750.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1435750.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1435750.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1435750.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                69815                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              180690549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                70071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2578.678041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.121040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.878960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8202156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8202156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6792966                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6792966                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14995122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       14995122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14995122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      14995122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       181786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          961                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          961                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       182747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       182747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       182747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       182747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  79968446412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79968446412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    392753225                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    392753225                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  80361199637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80361199637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  80361199637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80361199637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8383942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8383942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6793927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6793927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19514                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19514                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        15848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15177869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15177869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15177869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15177869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 439904.318330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439904.318330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 408692.221644                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 408692.221644                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 439740.185267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439740.185267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 439740.185267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439740.185267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1120467                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       373489                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       112099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       112931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       112931                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112931                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31672400954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31672400954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33725817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33725817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31706126771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31706126771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31706126771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31706126771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 454495.113206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454495.113206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 261440.441860                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261440.441860                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 454138.403389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454138.403389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 454138.403389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454138.403389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              581.917557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1041180329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1773731.395230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    41.583674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   540.333883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.066641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.865920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11597548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11597548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11597548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11597548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11597548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11597548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86257384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86257384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86257384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86257384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86257384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86257384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11597608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11597608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11597608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11597608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11597608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11597608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1437623.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1437623.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1437623.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1437623.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1437623.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1437623.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62015549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62015549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62015549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62015549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62015549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62015549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1409444.295455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1409444.295455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1409444.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1409444.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1409444.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1409444.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                79352                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              448519103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                79608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5634.095857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.910082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.089918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     30341409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30341409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16617222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16617222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8120                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8120                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     46958631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       46958631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     46958631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      46958631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       290941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       291227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       291227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       291227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       291227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 142828263299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 142828263299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    267468197                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    267468197                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 143095731496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 143095731496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 143095731496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 143095731496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     30632350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30632350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16617508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16617508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     47249858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47249858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     47249858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47249858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 490918.307488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490918.307488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 935203.486014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935203.486014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491354.618548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491354.618548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491354.618548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491354.618548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           13644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       211662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       211873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       211873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        79279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        79354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        79354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  37662179958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37662179958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     75987846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75987846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  37738167804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37738167804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  37738167804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37738167804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475058.716154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475058.716154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1013171.280000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013171.280000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475567.303526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475567.303526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475567.303526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475567.303526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              489.716312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1015016861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2067244.116090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    34.716312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.055635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13227903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13227903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13227903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       13227903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13227903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      13227903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    136917716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    136917716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    136917716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    136917716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    136917716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    136917716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13227949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13227949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13227949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     13227949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13227949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     13227949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2976472.086957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2976472.086957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2976472.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2976472.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2976472.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2976472.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2593367                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 864455.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94732911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94732911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94732911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94732911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94732911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94732911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2631469.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2631469.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2631469.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2631469.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2631469.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2631469.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                39049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              165464260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                39305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4209.750922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.561034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.438966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     10549172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10549172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7838667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7838667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20398                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20398                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19065                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19065                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     18387839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       18387839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     18387839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      18387839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       100551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       102843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       102843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       102843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       102843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22427600604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22427600604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    147721105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    147721105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22575321709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22575321709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22575321709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22575321709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     10649723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10649723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7840959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7840959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        20398                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20398                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19065                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19065                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18490682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18490682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18490682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18490682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 223047.016976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223047.016976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64450.743892                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64450.743892                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 219512.477359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219512.477359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 219512.477359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219512.477359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           27                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    13.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            9290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        61728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        63794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        63794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        38823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        39049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        39049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9358097747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9358097747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16492286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16492286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9374590033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9374590033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9374590033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9374590033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 241045.198645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241045.198645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 72974.716814                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72974.716814                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240072.473892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240072.473892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240072.473892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240072.473892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              527.595509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1016278663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1921131.688091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.595509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.060249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11820618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11820618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11820618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11820618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11820618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11820618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103969768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103969768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103969768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103969768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103969768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103969768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11820677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11820677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11820677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11820677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11820677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11820677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1762199.457627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1762199.457627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1762199.457627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1762199.457627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1762199.457627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1762199.457627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72448218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72448218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72448218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72448218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72448218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72448218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1857646.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1857646.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1857646.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1857646.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1857646.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1857646.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                69666                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              180672944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                69922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2583.921284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.125399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.874601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8193505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8193505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6784129                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6784129                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19418                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19418                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15827                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15827                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14977634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       14977634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14977634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      14977634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       180929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       180929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          953                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          953                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       181882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       181882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       181882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       181882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  79868400746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79868400746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    372116917                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    372116917                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  80240517663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80240517663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  80240517663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80240517663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8374434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8374434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6785082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6785082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        19418                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19418                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        15827                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15827                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15159516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15159516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15159516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15159516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 441435.042177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441435.042177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 390468.958027                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 390468.958027                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 441167.997179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441167.997179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 441167.997179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441167.997179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       157074                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       157074                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       111393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       112216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       112216                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112216                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        69536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        69666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        69666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  31723005294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31723005294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     34078548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34078548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  31757083842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31757083842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  31757083842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31757083842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456209.809221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456209.809221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 262142.676923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262142.676923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455847.670916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455847.670916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455847.670916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455847.670916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              517.870835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1011554937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1949046.121387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    42.870835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.068703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12859102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12859102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12859102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12859102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12859102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12859102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105008625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105008625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105008625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105008625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105008625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105008625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12859163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12859163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12859163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12859163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12859163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12859163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1721452.868852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1721452.868852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1721452.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1721452.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1721452.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1721452.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75789761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75789761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75789761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75789761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75789761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75789761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1722494.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1722494.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1722494.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1722494.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1722494.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1722494.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                43205                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              167238102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                43461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3848.004004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.436744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.563256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.911862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.088138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8853422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8853422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7451820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7451820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19293                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19293                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17941                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17941                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16305242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       16305242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16305242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      16305242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       138206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       139179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       139179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       139179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       139179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  46315890857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46315890857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     81834138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81834138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  46397724995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46397724995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  46397724995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46397724995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8991628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8991628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7452793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7452793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19293                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19293                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17941                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17941                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16444421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16444421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16444421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16444421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335122.142722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335122.142722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84104.972251                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84104.972251                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 333367.282385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333367.282385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 333367.282385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333367.282385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9765                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9765                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        95165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        95974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        95974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        95974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        95974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12424574174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12424574174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10570116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10570116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12435144290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12435144290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12435144290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12435144290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 288668.343533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288668.343533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64451.926829                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64451.926829                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287817.250087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287817.250087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287817.250087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287817.250087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              489.716165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1015015163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2067240.657841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    34.716165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.055635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13226205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13226205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13226205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13226205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13226205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13226205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    140703645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140703645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    140703645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    140703645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    140703645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    140703645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13226252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13226252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13226252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13226252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13226252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13226252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2993694.574468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2993694.574468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2993694.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2993694.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2993694.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2993694.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2611330                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 870443.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96764391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96764391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96764391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96764391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96764391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96764391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2687899.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2687899.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2687899.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2687899.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2687899.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2687899.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                39025                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              165461337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                39281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4212.248593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.560992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.439008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     10547935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10547935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7837119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7837119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20264                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20264                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19061                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19061                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18385054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       18385054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18385054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      18385054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       100524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       102816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       102816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       102816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       102816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22465994098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22465994098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    147637411                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    147637411                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22613631509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22613631509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22613631509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22613631509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     10648459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10648459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7839411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7839411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        20264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19061                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19061                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18487870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18487870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18487870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18487870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 223488.859357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223488.859357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64414.228185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64414.228185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 219942.727873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219942.727873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 219942.727873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219942.727873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9283                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            9283                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        61725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        63791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        63791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        39025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        39025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9380672684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9380672684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     16501389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16501389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9397174073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9397174073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9397174073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9397174073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 241776.145880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241776.145880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 73014.995575                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73014.995575                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 240798.823139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240798.823139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 240798.823139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240798.823139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              489.714768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1014999842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2067209.454175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.714768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.055633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13210884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13210884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13210884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13210884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13210884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13210884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    151622416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151622416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    151622416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151622416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    151622416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151622416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13210930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13210930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13210930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13210930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13210930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13210930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3296139.478261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3296139.478261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3296139.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3296139.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3296139.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3296139.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3236823                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 809205.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104669876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104669876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104669876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104669876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104669876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104669876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2907496.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2907496.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2907496.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2907496.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2907496.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2907496.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                38962                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              165441030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                39218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4218.497374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.560817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.439183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     10536462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10536462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7827964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7827964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20607                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20607                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19039                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19039                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     18364426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       18364426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     18364426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      18364426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       100423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       102697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       102697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       102697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       102697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22735621585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22735621585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    146919322                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146919322                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22882540907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22882540907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22882540907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22882540907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     10636885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10636885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7830238                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7830238                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        20607                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20607                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19039                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19039                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     18467123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18467123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     18467123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18467123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 226398.549984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226398.549984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64608.321020                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64608.321020                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 222816.059934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222816.059934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 222816.059934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222816.059934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           49                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    16.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9267                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            9267                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        61686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        63735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        63735                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63735                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        38737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        38962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        38962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9491442891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9491442891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     16416114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16416114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9507859005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9507859005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9507859005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9507859005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 245022.662855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245022.662855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 72960.506667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72960.506667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 244029.028412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244029.028412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 244029.028412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244029.028412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              529.033114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1016315715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1910367.885338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.932940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   489.100174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.063995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.783814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11857670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11857670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11857670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11857670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11857670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11857670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     98391967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98391967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     98391967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98391967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     98391967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98391967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11857730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11857730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11857730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11857730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11857730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11857730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1639866.116667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1639866.116667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1639866.116667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1639866.116667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1639866.116667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1639866.116667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73550209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73550209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73550209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73550209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73550209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73550209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1751195.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1751195.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1751195.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1751195.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1751195.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1751195.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                69890                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              180719350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                70146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2576.331509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.122801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.877199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8216831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8216831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6807000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6807000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19571                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19571                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15883                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15883                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15023831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15023831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15023831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15023831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       181627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       182543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       182543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  78995955432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78995955432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    328245961                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    328245961                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  79324201393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79324201393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  79324201393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79324201393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8398458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8398458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6807916                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6807916                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19571                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19571                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        15883                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15883                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15206374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15206374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15206374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15206374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 434935.089122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434935.089122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 358347.118996                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 358347.118996                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 434550.771013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 434550.771013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 434550.771013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 434550.771013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156085                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156085                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       111865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       112653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       112653                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112653                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  31323473894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31323473894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     29778551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29778551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  31353252445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31353252445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  31353252445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31353252445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 449004.814856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449004.814856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 232644.929688                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232644.929688                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 448608.562670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448608.562670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 448608.562670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448608.562670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              519.937751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1011539213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1941533.998081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    44.937751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.072016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12843378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12843378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12843378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12843378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12843378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12843378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    116621584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116621584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    116621584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    116621584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    116621584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    116621584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12843441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12843441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12843441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12843441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12843441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12843441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1851136.253968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1851136.253968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1851136.253968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1851136.253968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1851136.253968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1851136.253968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85619762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85619762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85619762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85619762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85619762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85619762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1861299.173913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1861299.173913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1861299.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1861299.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1861299.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1861299.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                43161                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              167225625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                43417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3851.616302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.433154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.566846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.911848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.088152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8846668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8846668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7446219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7446219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17930                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17930                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16292887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       16292887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16292887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      16292887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       138156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          997                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          997                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       139153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       139153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       139153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       139153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  47004625533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47004625533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     84158649                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84158649                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  47088784182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  47088784182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  47088784182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  47088784182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8984824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8984824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7447216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7447216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        19182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17930                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17930                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16432040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16432040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16432040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16432040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 340228.622231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340228.622231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 84411.884654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84411.884654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 338395.752747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338395.752747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 338395.752747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338395.752747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            9757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        95162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        95992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        95992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        95992                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        95992                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        42994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        43161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        43161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12569543816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12569543816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10764473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10764473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12580308289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12580308289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12580308289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12580308289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 292355.766293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292355.766293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64457.922156                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64457.922156                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 291473.976252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291473.976252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 291473.976252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291473.976252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              517.761273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1012205865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1950300.317919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.761273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.057310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12197773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12197773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12197773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12197773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12197773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12197773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102677860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102677860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102677860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102677860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102677860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102677860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12197823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12197823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12197823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12197823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12197823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12197823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2053557.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2053557.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2053557.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2053557.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2053557.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2053557.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72611212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72611212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72611212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72611212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72611212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72611212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1962465.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962465.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1962465.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962465.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1962465.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962465.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                55949                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              172687918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                56205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3072.465403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.817153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.182847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.913348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.086652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8596072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8596072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7272996                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7272996                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17851                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17851                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16739                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16739                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15869068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15869068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15869068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15869068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       190757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5673                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5673                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       196430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       196430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       196430                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       196430                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  80277236350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80277236350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3500672549                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3500672549                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  83777908899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83777908899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  83777908899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83777908899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8786829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8786829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7278669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7278669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16739                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16739                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16065498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16065498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16065498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16065498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 420835.074729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420835.074729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 617076.070686                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 617076.070686                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 426502.616194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426502.616194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 426502.616194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426502.616194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     49752022                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets           102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 487764.921569                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19939                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           19939                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       134970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       140481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       140481                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140481                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        55787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        55949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        55949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18897888484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18897888484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     14854581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14854581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18912743065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18912743065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18912743065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18912743065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 338750.757058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338750.757058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91694.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91694.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 338035.408408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338035.408408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 338035.408408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338035.408408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
